I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy. - Al Gore
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either. - Joseph Wood Krutch
Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination. - Al Gore
Energy conservation is the foundation of energy independence. - Tom Allen
The Endangered Species Act is the strongest and most effective tool we have to repair the environmental harm that is causing a species to decline. - Norm Dicks
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens. - Isaac Bashevis Singer
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it. - Henry David Thoreau
You may be able to fool the voters, but not the atmosphere. - Donella Meadows
It seems to me like Mother Nature's mercy and forgiveness have run dry, as we ceaselessly abuse her and take her for granted in order for us to continue our addiction to using fossil fuels. I've gotta say, I don't blame her. Not one bit. - Gloria Reuben
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself. - Paul Hawken
Nuclear power will help provide the electricity that our growing economy needs without increasing emissions. This is truly an environmentally responsible source of energy. - Michael C. Burgess
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen. - Henry David Thoreau
People need to be cautious because anything built by man can be destroyed by Mother Nature. - Russel Honore
If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now. - James Lovelock
Raising awareness on the most pressing environmental issues of our time is more important than ever. - Leonardo DiCaprio
Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around. - Sylvia Earle
Moral codes adjust themselves to environmental conditions. - Will Durant
The environment is everything that isn't me. - Albert Einstein
In today's world, it is no longer unimaginable to think that business can operate - and even thrive - in an environmentally-friendly manner. - Olympia Snowe
Population, when unchecked, goes on doubling itself every 25 years or increases in a geometrical ratio. - Thomas Malthus
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water. - Aeschylus
Not all is doom and gloom. We are beginning to understand the natural world and are gaining a reverence for life - all life. - Roger Tory Peterson
They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse. - Sitting Bull
Within 10 years it will be impossible to travel to the North Pole by dog team. There will be too much open water. - Will Steger
China will soon emit more greenhouse gases than America, but its regime knows if it caps aspirations there will be a revolution. - James Lovelock
Every time I have some moment on a seashore, or in the mountains, or sometimes in a quiet forest, I think this is why the environment has to be preserved. - Bill Bradley
We have no reason to think that climate change is harmful if you look at the world as a whole. Most places, in fact, are better off being warmer than being colder. And historically, the really bad times for the environment and for people have been the cold periods rather than the warm periods. - Freeman Dyson
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature. - Henry David Thoreau
The sooner we get started with alternative energy sources and recognize that fossil fuels makes us less secure as a nation, and more dangerous as a planet, the better off we'll be. - Lindsey Graham
Without the oceans there would be no life on Earth. - Peter Benchley
A knowledgeable and courageous U.S. president could help enormously in leading the world's nations toward saving the climate. - Donella Meadows
The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition. - Gro Harlem Brundtland
In the environmental movement, every time you lose a battle it's for good, but our victories always seem to be temporary and we keep fighting them over and over again. - David Suzuki
Biofuels such as ethanol require enormous amounts of cropland and end up displacing either food crops or natural wilderness, neither of which is good. - Elon Musk
Harmony with land is like harmony with a friend; you cannot cherish his right hand and chop off his left. - Aldo Leopold
Mother Nature is not sweet. - John Shelby Spong
The quicker we humans learn that saving open space and wildlife is critical to our welfare and quality of life, maybe we'll start thinking of doing something about it. - Jim Fowler
No one is an environmentalist by birth. It is only your path, your life, your travels that awaken you. - Yann Arthus-Bertrand
We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true; our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources. - Paul Hawken
The high prices also highlight the fact that the U.S. is too heavily dependent on fossil fuels that we import from unstable parts of the world. To protect our national security, we must become more energy secure. - Dan Lipinski
Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home. - John Dewey
As you heat the planet up, it's just like boiling a pot. - Elon Musk
People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves. - Robert Collier
There is a muscular energy in sunlight corresponding to the spiritual energy of wind. - Annie Dillard
We are aware only of the empty space in the forest, which only yesterday was filled with trees. - Anna Freud
Journey with me to a true commitment to our environment. Journey with me to the serenity of leaving to our children a planet in equilibrium. - Paul Tsongas
We must return to nature and nature's god. - Luther Burbank
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble. - Roger Tory Peterson
After all, sustainability means running the global environment - Earth Inc. - like a corporation: with depreciation, amortization and maintenance accounts. In other words, keeping the asset whole, rather than undermining your natural capital. - Maurice Strong
Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality. - Erich Fromm
It's coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It's not just climate change; it's sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now. - David Attenborough
I'm anti-tax, but I'm pro-carbon tax. - Elon Musk
Mankind has probably done more damage to the Earth in the 20th century than in all of previous human history. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric. - Alexandra Paul
If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that. - Ellen DeGeneres
A majority of American citizens are now becoming skeptical of the claim that our carbon footprints, resulting from our use of fossil fuels, are going to lead to climatic calamities. But governments are not yet listening to the citizens. - John Coleman
Green-tech could be the largest economic opportunity of the 21st Century. - John Doerr
Yet, despite our many advances, our environment is still threatened by a range of problems, including global climate change, energy dependence on unsustainable fossil fuels, and loss of biodiversity. - Dan Lipinski
To be clear, climate change is a true 800 pound gorilla in the room. The effects of global warming threaten global environmental upheaval over the coming century. But for South Florida and the Everglades, it could be our death knell if urgent action is not taken. - Debbie Wasserman Schultz
You will die but the carbon will not; its career does not end with you. It will return to the soil, and there a plant may take it up again in time, sending it once more on a cycle of plant and animal life. - Jacob Bronowski
There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But it's low on my list. - P. J. O'Rourke
We live in a world bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we consume as a species in the year, in the form of solar energy. It's just not in usable form yet. - Peter Diamandis
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families. - Wangari Maathai
Nevertheless, there is another threat on the horizon. I see this threat in environmentalism which is becoming a new dominant ideology, if not a religion. Its main weapon is raising the alarm and predicting the human life endangering climate change based on man-made global warming. - Vaclav Klaus
The environment has fallen to the wayside in politics. - Craig Venter
I don't think we're going to save anything if we go around talking about saving plants and animals only; we've got to translate that into what's in it for us. - Jim Fowler
Liberals in Congress have spent the past three decades pandering to environmental extremists. The policies they have put in place are in large part responsible for the energy crunch we are seeing today. We have not built a refinery in this country for 30 years. - Marsha Blackburn
We need to accept the seemingly obvious fact that a toxic environment can make people sick and that no amount of medical intervention can protect us. The health care community must become a powerful political lobby for environmental policy and legislation. - Andrew Weil
Public discourse has been polluted now for decades by corporate-funded disinformation - not just with climate change but with a host of health, environmental and societal threats. The implications for the planet are grim. - Michael E. Mann
Nature is regulating our climate for free. Mother Nature, she's been doing that for free, for a long, long time. Now do you really want to get in there and do geo-engineering and all this kind of stuff? - Thomas Friedman
There is no place where we can safely store worn-out reactors or their garbage. No place! - David R. Brower
If we bestow but a very little attention to the economy of the animal creation, we shall find manifest examples of premeditation, perseverance, resolution, and consumate artifice, in order to effect their purpose. - William Bartram
Environmentalism is a form of pagan fundamentalism. These green wackos are fanatics like al-Quaida. Just like them. - G. Gordon Liddy
The government should set a goal for a clean environment but not mandate how that goal should be implemented. - Dixie Lee Ray
Natural gas is a better transportation fuel than gasoline, so if that's the case, it's cheaper, it's cleaner and it's a domestic resource. - T. Boone Pickens
I think Captain Cousteau might be the father of the environmental movement. - Ted Turner
I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection. - Luther Burbank
Maintaining healthy forests is essential to those who make a living from the land and for those of us who use them for recreational purposes. - Cathy McMorris Rodgers
It seems that every time mankind is given a lot of energy, we go out and wreck something with it. - David R. Brower
I firmly believe that we can have a healthy environment and a sustainable timber industry. - Frank Murkowski
I'm very concerned for the future of the earth and its amazing creatures. We've got to be careful and make sure we don't foul our own nest. - John Lithgow
It's obvious nonsense, but it makes nice people feel good about themselves to do their bit for the planet. It's vanity of a grotesque kind to believe that mankind, and our 'carbon footprint', has more impact on the future of Earth than Nature, which bends our planet to its will, as it sees fit. - Charles Saatchi
We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food. - Kevin Richardson
We are now heading down a centuries-long path toward increasing the productivity of our natural capital - the resource systems upon which we depend to live - instead of our human capital. - Paul Hawken
Much of the debate over global warming is predicated on fear, rather than science. - Jim Inhofe
In addition to contributing to erosion, pollution, food poisoning, and the dead zone, corn requires huge amounts of fossil fuel - it takes a half gallon of fossil fuel to produce a bushel of corn. - Michael Pollan
I find it interesting that many of the people who want to restrict fossil fuels live in well-developed countries where abundant and affordable energy is readily available. - Lee R. Raymond
Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work. - John Garamendi
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it. - Fritz Todt
No one should be able to enter a wilderness by mechanical means. - Garrett Hardin
I really believe in the environmental movement right now - it only takes a little effort to make a big difference. - Brooke Burke
Environmental policy must strike a balance between the earth's best interests and our citizen's pressing needs. - Jim Clyburn
Take air quality in the United States today: It's about 30 percent better than it was 25 years ago, even though there are now more people driving more cars. - Jared Diamond
I would point out that if you're a believer in the Bible, one would have to say the Great Flood is an example of climate change and that certainly wasn't because mankind had overdeveloped hydrocarbon energy. - Joe Barton
Local innovation and initiative can help us better understand how to protect our environment. - Gale Norton
Why has it seemed that the only way to protect the environment is with heavy-handed government regulation? - Gale Norton
Under the Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star Program, homes are independently verified to be measurably more energy efficient than average houses. - Melissa Bean
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. - T. Boone Pickens
In fact, because of their connection to the land, farmers do more to protect and preserve our environment than almost anyone else. They are some of the best environmentalists around. - Ike Skelton
You don't have to live in the country and grow your own food to be green. - Shalom Harlow
For me, going vegan was an ethical and environmental decision. I'm doing the right thing by the animals. - Alexandra Paul
If we don't continue to pursue alternative, emissions-free energy sources like nuclear fuel, we are at risk of increasing our dependence on costly natural gas. - Judy Biggert
Fracking has been used for more than 60 years to successfully drill over a million oil and gas wells in the U.S. Nonetheless, the prevailing mythology on the radical left is that the technology is 'poisoning our children' by polluting the water we drink and the air we breathe. - Bob Beauprez
I do believe very strongly that all of us and all of the other things in the context of our planet with Mother Nature, all of these things absolutely have a profound effect. - Kiefer Sutherland
Mankind is considered (by the radical environmentalists) the lowest and the meanest of all species and is blamed for everything. - Dixie Lee Ray
When we realize we can make a buck cleaning up the environment, it will be done! - Dennis Weaver
I think the government has to reposition environment on top of their national and international priorities. - Brian Mulroney
Pushing production out of America to nations without our environmental standards increases global environmental risks. - Frank Murkowski
It's not unexpected that shooting massive amounts of water, sand, and chemicals at high pressure into the earth to shatter shale and release natural gas might shake things up. But earthquakes aren't the worst problem with fracking. - David Suzuki
The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence. - Dan Lipinski
We must move away from our dependency on fossil fuels, and I am glad that GM has invested over $1 billion in hydrogen fuel cells cars to meet this goal. - Albert Wynn
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals; if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers. - Joseph Wood Krutch
I think the future for solar energy is bright. - Ken Salazar
Unless we keep this planet healthy, everything else is for naught. - Victoria Principal
I think so long as fossil fuels are cheap, people will use them and it will postpone a movement towards new technologies. - Paul Krugman
'Being green' is commendable, but I hope that people don't take too much pride and self-adoration because they shut off the water when they brushed their teeth. The truth of the matter is, conservation alone will do little to save our planet. - Naveen Jain
Environmental concern is now firmly embedded in public life: in education, medicine and law; in journalism, literature and art. - Barry Commoner
Why are ecologists and environmentalists so feared and hated? This is because in part what they have to say is new to the general public, and the new is always alarming. - Garrett Hardin
Sustainable development is the pathway to the future we want for all. It offers a framework to generate economic growth, achieve social justice, exercise environmental stewardship and strengthen governance. - Ban Ki-moon
Economic growth and environmental protection are not at odds. They're opposite sides of the same coin if you're looking at longer-term prosperity. - Henry Paulson
Election days come and go. But the struggle of the people to create a government which represents all of us and not just the one percent - a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice - that struggle continues. - Bernie Sanders
The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it. - Barry Commoner
Prior to the Industrial Revolution, hand-production methods were abundant. Craft defined everything. The craftsman had an almost phenomenological knowledge of materials and intuited how to vary their properties according to their structural and environmental characteristics. - Neri Oxman
We are called to care for those sickened by pollution, house those displaced by environmental calamities, and heal the spirits of those - especially our youth - who are disheartened by a world where human survival is now in question. - Blase J. Cupich
Riding a bicycle is the summit of human endeavour - an almost neutral environmental effect coupled with the ability to travel substantial distances without disturbing anybody. The bike is the perfect marriage of technology and human energy. - Jeremy Corbyn
Climate change is the environmental challenge of this generation, and it is imperative that we act before it's too late. - John Delaney
If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica. - Danny Glover
I have never moved away from my mainstay - trying to address all the environmental issues that come to me. I consult with law firms in the U.S., Australia, the U.K., Italy, Greece, and India to begin to address environmental disasters. I do motivational speaking. - Erin Brockovich
We firmly believe the environmental issues cannot be addressed without extensive public participation, but people need to be informed before they can get involved. - Ma Jun
The problem with holistic management is it's so profoundly simple, but it's not easy. And it's profoundly simple. You're almost insulting people's intelligence to explain it twice, just about making better decisions of where you want to go in your life, bringing in environmental, social, economic issues simultaneously. - Allan Savory
There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly. - Noam Chomsky
Sustainability goes across everything I do with Adidas and everything I do with my own house, so the Olympic kit is no exception. It is incredibly environmental in the way that it is manufactured. For example, there's no leather; it's free from PVC. There's lots of woven materials, which means a lot less waste. - Stella McCartney
Design our world so that we have positive social and environmental side effects. - Bjarke Ingels
If the federal government had been around when the Creator was putting His hand to this state, Indiana wouldn't be here. It'd still be waiting for an environmental impact statement. - Ronald Reagan
If we're going to pass international trade agreements, as we should, they should have similar kind of rules, not as high a wage as obviously as a steelworker in the U.S. or in Lorain, Ohio, but certainly rules on the environment and worker safety. You go to Mexico, you don't see those kinds of worker protections or environmental safeguards. - Sherrod Brown
I've long believed the environmental issue is an economic issue and a political issue. The three are entwined. You can't build prosperity on any basis other than a long-term basis, and you can't do that if you don't have a healthy environment. - Henry Paulson
All our environmental problems become easier to solve with fewer people and harder - and ultimately impossible to solve - with ever more people. - David Attenborough
The trends that are shaping the twenty-first-century world embody both promise and peril. Globalization, for example, has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty while contributing to social fragmentation and a massive increase in inequality, not to mention serious environmental damage. - Klaus Schwab
While the climate crisis gathers front-page attention on a regular basis, people - even those who profess great environmental consciousness - continue to eat fish as if it were a sustainable practice. - Daniel Pauly
There is no larger collective-action problem than the environment. The three biggest lies of the environmental movement is that every little bit helps, you can do your part, and together we can do it. - Clay Shirky
God put the human race in charge of managing the resources of the entire planet for the benefit of all life. Therefore, we, of all people on this planet, should be concerned about environmental issues and doing what we can to enhance the beauty and productivity of the natural realm. - Hugh Ross
The most important environmental issue is one that is rarely mentioned, and that is the lack of a conservation ethic in our culture. - Gaylord Nelson
I'm a latecomer to the environmental issue, which for years seemed to me like an excuse for more government regulation. But I can see that in rich societies, voters are paying less attention to economic issues and more to issues of the spirit, including the environment. - David Frum
There's a rising tide of environmental awareness and activism among consumers that's going to continue to swell in the 21st century. Smart companies will get ahead of that wave and ride it to success and prosperity. Those that don't are headed for a wipeout. - William Clay Ford, Jr.
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design. - Christopher Alexander
In every case, the environmental hazards were made known only by independent scientists, who were often bitterly opposed by the corporations responsible for the hazards. - Barry Commoner
Technology is vital. We have to have development in new technology if we're going to solve these environmental problems without throwing humanity back in poverty. - Ramez Naam
Practically every environmental problem we have can be traced to our addiction to fossil fuels, primarily oil. - Dennis Weaver
Global markets must be balanced by global values such as respect for human rights and international law, democracy, security and sustainable economic and environmental development. - Anna Lindh
With the observable fact that scientific knowledge makes our lives better when applied with concern for human welfare and environmental protection, there is no question that science and technology can produce abundance so that no one has to go without. - Jacque Fresco
One of the most important lessons we can glean from the environmental movement is to 'think globally and act locally.' - Mike Love
I always felt that if someone shot me, it would be great for the environmental movement, because they would make me a martyr. Our biggest fear was our children, because there was a tremendous amount of threat and intimidation, and my wife was terrified that the children might be grabbed or assaulted in some way. That was the real fear. - David Suzuki
Building a 'Green Gabon' has always been a central pillar of my government, and in 2014, I introduced a new legal framework that puts environmental protection and sustainable development firmly at the heart of our future economic growth. - Ali Bongo Ondimba
Our globe is under new dramatic environmental pressure: our globe is warming, our ice caps melting, our glaciers receding, our coral is dying, our soils are eroding, our water tables falling, our fisheries are being depleted, our remaining rainforests shrinking. Something is very, very wrong with our eco-system. - Richard Lamm
It is extremely important to me that the social and environmental issues associated with the production of fashion clothing are addressed. - Bonnie Wright
The responses that environmentalists evoke - fear, anxiety, numbness, despair - are not helpful, even if they are understandable. It should be fascinating, even enthralling, to be in the milieu of environmental change. - Paul Hawken
In America, you complain about job losses because of China, but here, we carry all of the environmental costs. - Ma Jun
The Safe Drinking Water Act, the safety provisions of the Clean Water Acts, the Clean Air Act, the Superfund Law - the gas industry is exempt from all these basic environmental and worker protections. They don't have to disclose the chemicals they use. They don't have to play by the same rules as anybody else. - Josh Fox
The great challenge of the 21st century is to provide good standards of living for 7 billion people without depleting the earth's resources or running up massive levels of public debt. To achieve this, government and business alike will need to find new models of growth that are in both environmental and economic balance. - Paul Polman
All living beings, not just animals, but plants and microorganisms, perceive. To survive, an organic being must perceive - it must seek, or at least recognize, food and avoid environmental danger. - Lynn Margulis
This is absolutely bizarre that we continue to subsidize highways beyond the gasoline tax, airlines, and we don't subsidize, we don't want to subsidize a national rail system that has environmental impact. - Joe Biden
During my travels in Iraq, Israel, Gaza, Brazil, Indonesia, Japan, Europe and all over the United States, I have seen and heard the voices of people who want change. They want the stabilization of the economy, education and healthcare for all, renewable energy and an environmental vision with an eye on generations to come. - Michael Franti
Smog is affecting larger parts of China, and environmental pollution has become a major problem, which is nature's red-light warning against the model of inefficient and blind development. - Li Keqiang
As an issue, climate change was unlucky: when nonspecialists first became aware of it in the 1990s, environmental attitudes had already become tribal political markers. - Charles C. Mann
A primary function of art and thought is to liberate the individual from the tyranny of his culture in the environmental sense and to permit him to stand beyond it in an autonomy of perception and judgment. - Lionel Trilling
A very Faustian choice is upon us: whether to accept our corrosive and risky behavior as the unavoidable price of population and economic growth, or to take stock of ourselves and search for a new environmental ethic. - E. O. Wilson
The planet's environmental woes tend to be overlooked as we scramble for the latest high-tech gizmos - and conveniently ignore their energy consumption. - Sheherazade Goldsmith
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth. - Jimmy Carter
My lens of choice was always the 35 mm. It was more environmental. You can't come in closer with the 35 mm. - Annie Leibovitz
We must strictly enforce the Environmental Law, closing down the polluters that fail to meet the standards. - Ma Jun
The world faces enormous human development and environmental challenges, from poverty and disease to food security and climate change. - Paul Polman
The Chinese have figured out that they have a giant environmental problem. Folks in Beijing, some days, literally can't breathe. Over a million Chinese die prematurely every year because of air pollution. - Joe Biden
Clinton understands that climate change is real, is caused by human activity and is one of the great environmental crises facing our planet. She knows that we must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and move aggressively to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. - Bernie Sanders
Architects in the past have tended to concentrate their attention on the building as a static object. I believe dynamics are more important: the dynamics of people, their interaction with spaces and environmental condition. - John Portman
Over and over, we hear politicians say they can't spend our tax dollars on environmental protection when the economy is so fragile. - David Suzuki
I would say that California has been focused on climate change to the detriment of the other environmental programs. - Andrew R. Wheeler
Through our deregulatory actions, the Trump Administration has proven that burdensome federal regulations are not necessary to drive environmental progress. - Andrew R. Wheeler
People who run environmental groups and things like that, who have to listen to all kinds of nonsense and keep their tempers, are very diplomatic and very inclusive. - Sigourney Weaver
Threats that could wipe out the bulk of life on earth abound. Planetary catastrophe could come in the form of a killer asteroid impact, the eruption of massive supervolcanoes, a nearby gamma ray burst that sterilizes the earth, or by human-driven environmental collapse. - Ramez Naam
Taking on corporate greed is an environmental concern. - Rashida Tlaib
Dealing with environmental lawsuits and grassroots resistance is expensive. Industrial wind and solar developers have to hire lawyers, public relations specialists, and scientists willing to testify that this or that project poses only a modest threat to endangered birds and bats. - Michael Shellenberger
No major technological change has ever been instituted by mankind without an array of negative consequences. The motor car has meant liberation for millions, but it has also caused congestion, environmental damage, and a disturbing death toll on the roads. - Theo Paphitis
We're not trying to reinvent the wheel; for any environmental organization to claim sole responsibility for any kind of victory is insane, because everybody attacks these problems as a group. - Ted Danson
Develop resilience and be brave. There are days when it is very discouraging. You have to develop personal resilience to environmental things that come along. If you let every single environmental challenge knock you off your game, it's going to be very, very hard. - Renee James
Environmental protection and economic development are not in conflict. Environmental protection is not a burden but a source for innovation. It can increase competition, create jobs, and lifts the economy. - Chai Jing
Address these environmental issues and you will address every issue known to man. And we keep dabbling in things that aren't really that important in the long term. - Ted Danson
The root cause of the looming energy problem - and the key to easing environmental, economic and religious tensions while improving public health - is to address the unending, and unequal, growth of the human population. And the one proven way to reduce fertility rates is to empower young women by educating them. - Lawrence M. Krauss
I realised the animal agriculture industry is actually awful and tragic and I can't bear to be a part of that. The environmental impact of the agriculture industry, the health impact on us, there's all the reasons. - Montaigne
At the same time the folk boom was happening, the civil rights movement was happening, the anti-war movement was happening, the ban the bomb movement was happening, the environmental movement was happening. There was suddenly a generation ready to change the course of history. - Arlo Guthrie
I definitely want to get into environmental science and environmental politics, learning a lot more and preserving what's left of the world. That's such a sacred circle to be in. I'd love to contribute to that. - SZA
Determining the value of individual texts has been an ideological scuffle in literary criticism for centuries: but the environmental cost of printing them hauls this dispute from the ivory tower into day-to-day decision-making. Is it right to write? The publishing industry is slowly beginning to commit to using sustainably harvested trees. - Tristram Stuart
Incredibly, oil and gas companies don't have to pay certain environmental costs that amount to small change to them, while an offshore wind project start-up is faced with fees that could mean the difference between building a wind farm and packing up and going home. - Chellie Pingree
Ultimately, auto designers need to overcome market challenges with innovative design solutions. The automotive industry is at a turning point with environmental and economic conditions on one side and breakthrough technology on the other, so it will be fascinating to see how these design leaders envision the future. - Charles Pelly
China's environmental conundrums will not be solved by changes within government alone. New mechanisms are needed to allow the communities which may be affected by a given plan, and citizens concerned about the environment, to join in. - Ma Jun
Automobile companies are always allergic to any kind of environmental movement. - Jaggi Vasudev
The environmental problems of developing countries are not the side effects of excessive industrialisation but reflect the inadequacy of development. - Indira Gandhi
Producing food to eat is the single most destructive environmental activity humans engage in. - Ramez Naam
From a planning perspective, economic degradation begets environmental degradation, which begets social degradation. - Majora Carter
The infrastructure for linking environmental health and public health is not working as well as it should. - Samuel Wilson
Sunlight and wind are inherently unreliable and energy-dilute. As such, adding solar panels and wind turbines to the grid in large quantities increases the cost of generating electricity, locks in fossil fuels, and increases the environmental footprint of energy production. - Michael Shellenberger
MPs should be able to debate, amend and approve a mandate for the negotiation of any trade agreement before talks start, based on an independent impact assessment of what social, economic and environmental risks might be expected. - Barry Gardiner
The irony of environmental opposition to the Keystone XL project is that stopping the pipeline to the U.S. will not stop production in the oil sands of Canada. Instead of coming to the United States, the oil will still be produced and shipped by rail or a pipeline similar to the Keystone XL to Canada's Pacific Coast. - John Hoeven
I believe Forbes is an important outlet for broadening environmental journalism beyond the overwhelmingly alarmist approach taken by most reporters, and look forward to contributing heterodoxical pieces on energy and the environment in the future. - Michael Shellenberger
Like every other viable environmental policy, the search for clean energy begins at home. - Roger Scruton
I have long understood that climate change is not only an environmental issue - it is a humanitarian, economic, health, and justice issue as well. - Frances Beinecke
Peace should be understood in a human way - in a broad social, political and economic way. Peace is threatened by unjust economic, social and political order, absence of democracy, environmental degradation and absence of human rights. - Muhammad Yunus
Natural gas obviously brings with it a number of quality-of-life environmental benefits because it is a relatively clean-burning fuel. It has a CO2 footprint, but it has no particulates. It has none of the other emissions elements that are of concern to public health that other forms of power-generation fuels do have: coal, fuel oil, others. - Rex Tillerson
Environmental concern is a little like dieting or paying off credit-card debt - an episodically terrific idea that burns brightly and then seems to fade when we realize there's a reason we need to diet or pay down our debt. The reason is that it's really, really hard, and too many of us in too many spheres of life choose the easy over the hard. - Jon Meacham
There's a myth out there that you have to genuflect at the altar of quarterly earnings. But it's a false choice that you can either be a good fiduciary or promote values such as environmental sustainability. - Tom Perez
The Environmental Protection Agency's first-ever limits on carbon pollution from power plants will create clean- energy jobs, improve public health, bring greater reliability to our electric power grid, bolster our national security, demonstrate the United States' resolve to combat climate change and maybe even reduce our utility bills. - Martin Luther King III
What I see are people who want affordable energy. They want strong environmental standards - they want a lot of things - but first and foremost they want affordable energy. And if you want affordable energy, you want oil, gas and coal. - John S. Watson
A Klan member is not stamped from a standard cookie cutter. They come from all walks of life and various education levels and environmental situations which have led to their decision to join the Klan. The one common denominator that all share is lack of exposure to others who may not look like them or believe as they do. - Daryl Davis
For me, adventures are a vehicle for travelling deep into the fabric of society, coming to know the environmental conditions that shape people's lives and viewing the present in the context of history. - Tim Cope
Even the government understands that the environmental challenge is so big that no single agency can handle it. It needs collaboration among all the stakeholders - companies, governments, NGOs and the public. Public accountability will be the ultimate driving force. - Ma Jun
Environmental protection doesn't happen in a vacuum. You can't separate the impact on the environment from the impact on our families and communities. - Jim Clyburn
We can no longer pretend that business is immune from the rising tide of environmental or social challenges or that companies can create value in isolation from the communities of which they are a part. - Paul Polman
To deal with these problems - of world population and hunger, of peace, of energy and mineral resources, of environmental pollution, of poverty - we must broaden and deepen our knowledge of nature's laws, and we must broaden and deepen our understanding of the laws of human behavior. - Herbert A. Simon
For more than 30 years, the state of Nevada and local communities have rejected the Yucca Mountain project. In fact, the state has filed over 200 contentions against the Department of Energy's license application, challenging the adequacy of the department's environmental impact assessments. - Jacky Rosen
Loads of chemicals and hazardous wastes have been introduced into the atmosphere that didn't even exist in 1948. The environmental condition of the planet is far worse than it was 42 years ago. - Gaylord Nelson
GM has never been about feeding the world or tackling environmental problems. It is and has always been about control of the global food economy by a tiny handful of giant corporations. It's not wicked to question that process. It is wicked not to. - Zac Goldsmith
The environmental crisis arises from a fundamental fault: our systems of production - in industry, agriculture, energy and transportation - essential as they are, make people sick and die. - Barry Commoner
I think we have grave problems. I am very much concerned about environmental questions, even though in Finnish society, we are not facing the most urgent problems. - Harri Holkeri
When it comes to protecting workers, labour conditions, labour legislation, the rights for collective bargaining, when you look at our environmental standards, when you look at our public disclosure laws and accountability and securities regulations to ensure that companies abide by the law, we don't have a level playing field with China. - Andrew Scheer
I'm sad that it's uncool or offensive to talk about environmental or human rights issues. - Grimes
If we allow responsible management of our forests and end the nonsense litigation from radical environmental groups, we can get our timber mills up and running, reduce the risk of wildfires, and ensure healthier forests and cleaner air. - Matt Rosendale
For the U.S., I think we should have a carbon tax, for environmental reasons. - Tyler Cowen
The Body Shop Foundation is run by our staff and supports social activism and environmental activism. We don't tend to support big agencies. - Anita Roddick
Advertising is an environmental striptease for a world of abundance. - Marshall McLuhan
My mates Dominic Boyer and Cymene Howe have put together thirty one episodes of a really really nice podcast at Rice as part of the Center for Energy and Environmental Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences. The 'Cultures of Energy Podcast' is so good! - Timothy Morton
I've always been interested in the industrialization of our food; it's been an issue for me from an environmental and animal rights and human health perspective. - Richard Linklater
There's no longer any surprise in noting that China has grave environmental problems. - James Fallows
All we can hope for is that the thing is going to slowly and imperceptibly shift. All I can say is that 50 years ago there were no such thing as environmental policies. - David Attenborough
If major companies sourcing in developing countries care only about price and quality, local suppliers will be lured to cut corners on environmental standards to win contracts. - Ma Jun
As I became more interested in behavior from the standpoint of neurobiology, the stress-response became really interesting. What stress physiology is about is - when there is a new environmental challenge, how does an individual adapt? It seemed like a natural transition. - Robert Sapolsky
Of all mushrooms commonly consumed, oyster mushrooms in the genus Pleurotus stand out as exceptional allies for improving human and environmental health. These mushrooms enjoy a terrific reputation as the easiest to cultivate, richly nutritious and medicinally supportive. - Paul Stamets
Truly, we do live on a 'water planet.' For us, water is that critical issue that we need. It's the most precious substance on the planet, and it links us to pretty much every environmental issue, including climate change, that we're facing. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
Our land-healing ministry really is about cultivating relationships: between the people, the loving stewards, and the ecology of a place, what I call the environmental umbilical that we're nurturing here. - Joel Salatin
I have a private plane. But I fly commercial when I go to environmental conferences. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Climate change is not a discrete issue; it's a symptom of larger problems. Fundamentally, our society as currently designed has no future. We're chewing up the planet so fast, in so many different ways, that we could solve the climate problem tomorrow and still find that environmental collapse is imminent. - Alex Steffen
To reduce the risk of a global environmental catastrophe, and to avoid reversing the course of human progress, the world must urgently bend the curve of global emissions away from fossil fuels. - Johan Rockstrom
We know that childhood and adolescence are the most crucial times for environmental stimuli to affect breast cancer risk, but changes made during adulthood and even after diagnosis still have the potential to create positive changes in the body. - Joel Fuhrman
Environmental agencies in China are hamstrung by local officials who put economic growth ahead of environmental protection; even the courts are beholden to local officials, and they are not open to environmental litigation. - Ma Jun
From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change. - David Suzuki
EPA will set a national standard for greenhouse gas emissions that allows auto manufacturers to make cars that people both want and can afford - while still expanding environmental and safety benefits of newer cars. - Scott Pruitt
It has been shown that public participation can limit powerful interest groups, while competing interests can help find a reasonable balance between development and environmental protection. - Ma Jun
E-waste is the fastest growing waste stream in the United States and can pose serious environmental and health problems here and around the world when not handled properly. - Gene Green
Even as we continue to carry the banner of civil rights and environmental justice, we've also got to focus on many, many people - for them, life starts with a good job. - John Hickenlooper
I think the environmental problem will be the number one item on the agenda of the 21st century... This is a problem that cannot be postponed. - Mikhail Gorbachev
There are more effective ways of tackling environmental problems including global warming, proliferation of plastics, urban sprawl, and the loss of biodiversity than by treaties, top-down regulations, and other approaches offered by big governments and their dependents. - Preston Manning
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue. - Michael Pollan
Meat is a mighty contributor to climate change and other environmental problems. The amount of meat we're eating is one of the leading causes of climate change. It's as important as the kind of car you drive - whether you eat meat a lot or how much meat you eat. - Michael Pollan
A shift is necessary toward lifestyles less geared to environmental damaging consumption patterns. - Maurice Strong
Environmental concern is a phenomena that tends to rise in a nation after a certain level of wealth. - Ramez Naam
Furthermore, both Pennsylvania and New Jersey Departments of Environmental Protection have evaluated the sediment to be dredged and also found it to be not toxic. - Robert Brady
We'll continue to see more and more brands integrate social causes, charitable components and environmental issues as underlying themes to their campaigns and messaging. Humans connect with humans after all, and brands are using this as a point of connection to engage with their audience, especially charity-minded Generation Y. - Amy Jo Martin
I think we'd be crazy to do anything to the integrity of our policy package, which is progressive, and really dealing with the key social and environmental issues that we face. We're not about to ditch our commitment to nuclear disarmament, for example, to somehow make ourselves more electable. - Caroline Lucas
It is the greatest scam in history. I am amazed, appalled and highly offended by it. Global Warming; It is a scam. Some dastardly scientists with environmental and political motives manipulated long term scientific data to create an illusion of rapid global warming. - John Coleman
I want to work on environmental issues. - Jimmy Gomez
We don't want the federal government coming in and telling us how to do our environmental remediation or how we're going to do our healthcare. - John Hickenlooper
And secondly, I would impose a significant state landfill tipping fee and use that tipping fee to fund the billion dollar bond issue that I want to create to produce the funds for all of the environmental challenges that we just went over. - Ed Rendell
I do comparative studies of climate evolution, and the interactions between planetary atmosphere and surfaces and their radiation environment, and try to understand the environmental factors that can affect a planet's habitability and how they change over time. - David Grinspoon
I assume we will have figured out a way to efficiently utilize solar energy and tied that to an efficient way to use nuclear energy in such a way that it doesn't pose a serious environmental issue. - John Hickenlooper
I think it's particularly clear in borderline personality disorder (BPD) that there's a strong association between early environmental deprivation and neglect and abuse and later outcome of BPD. - Simon Baron-Cohen
I've won some awards. 'Time' magazine designated me as one of the environmental heroes of the 20th century. Oh, and I've got some honorary citizenships, like from the Conch Republic of the Florida Keys. But the one thing I am proud of is I didn't get the Chevron environmental award. Never did get that one. - Paul Watson
There is no 'need' for us to eat meat, dairy or eggs. Indeed, these foods are increasingly linked to various human diseases and animal agriculture is an environmental disaster for the planet. - Gary L. Francione
Our view has been that unless stringent environmental tests can be passed by would-be frackers, then no fracking should take place. - Barry Gardiner
Because glass is at once structural and transparent, it is relatively easy to consider the integration of structural and environmental building performance within a single integrated skin. - Neri Oxman
The industrial processes in use today were developed at a time when no one had to consider what the environmental impact was. Who cared? But making ecological concerns matter to a company's bottom line will help it do the research and development that will reinvent everything we buy. - Daniel Goleman
China leads the world in energy consumption, carbon emissions, and the release of major air and water pollutants, and the environmental impact is felt both regionally and globally. - Ma Jun
I think that you form the way that you act from others around you; it's a kind of an environmental thing. - Sophie Turner
There is a history of thinking about space science from an environmental ethics perspective. And part of what I want to do is turn that back and use that experience to see if it reflects how we think about the Earth. - David Grinspoon
Why not put a tax on carbon emissions. It would raise a lot of money, it would reduce the environmental damages in the future, it would solve so many problems, and it would be a much more constructive thing to do than to think about raising the income tax. - Robert F. Engle
If your DNA profile puts you at a higher risk of developing obesity, that doesn't mean it's your fate. You can take control of the environmental side of the equation and reduce your overall lifetime risk by a lot. - David Agus
I would say Gary Snyder, who is from my part of the world as a poet and environmental thinker, will be read just as Henry Thoreau as John Muir will continue to be read. - Robert Hass
I feel privileged to be a U.N. ambassador. It gives me an opportunity to use my voice to help raise awareness about important social and environmental issues. - Gisele Bundchen
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments. - William Hague
Under President Donald Trump's leadership, EPA has sought to undo and correct the Obama administration's failed regulatory decisions, proving that environmental protection and economic prosperity go hand-in-hand. - Andrew R. Wheeler
Earth Day 1970 was irrefutable evidence that the American people understood the environmental threat and wanted action to resolve it. - Barry Commoner
Many environmental advocates argue that agricultural pollution will be reduced only through stronger federal laws. - Charles Duhigg
Human civilization as we know it is like the Titanic headed for the iceberg, whether the iceberg be nuclear, environmental or terrorism-related. - Marianne Williamson
Just as there's garbage that pollutes the Potomac river, there is garbage polluting our culture. We need an Environmental Protection Agency to clean it up. - Pat Buchanan
I am only a child. Yet I know that if all the money spent on war was spent on ending poverty and finding environmental answers, what a wonderful place this would be. - Severn Cullis-Suzuki
Cities all over the world are getting bigger as more and more people move from rural to urban sites, but that has created enormous problems with respect to environmental pollution and the general quality of life. - Alan Dundes
We have very strong environmental laws in the United States and elsewhere around the world. The problem is that they're seldom enforced. - Robert Kennedy, Jr.
I wanted to help raise awareness, so I created an environmental foundation called Just Within Reach. - Kevin Richardson
Let's recreate the equivalent of the Met Ball in Europe and, rather than for the museum, give the money to environmental causes. - Jochen Zeitz
Moreover, the practical recommendations deduced from ecological principles threaten the vested interests of commerce; it is hardly surprising that the financial and political power created by these investments should be used sometimes to suppress environmental impact studies. - Garrett Hardin
I don't use any animal products, both because of ethical and environmental and climate reasons. - Greta Thunburg
The main environmental challenge of the 21st century is poverty. When you don't know where your next meal is coming from, it's hard to consider the environment 100 years down the line. - Bjorn Lomborg
When I look at China's environmental problems, the real barrier is not lack of technology or money. It's lack of motivation. - Ma Jun
China has leapfrogged into this information age, and Web users have grown very significantly, which knocked down the cost of doing the environmental transparency. - Ma Jun
In the auto industry, there's one thing you can always count on: if a new environmental or safety rule is proposed, executives will prophesy disaster. - James Surowiecki
We're taking climate change seriously. But it's not the only environmental issue that we face as a planet. - Andrew R. Wheeler
It's no secret that the environmental movement is ultimately designed to create new inroads into increased government control. All of the shots taken at emissions, the dependence on fossil fuels, and noise pollution are designed to paint those things as symptoms of a problem, with the government able to step in as the solution. - Steven Crowder
I don't know of a single park without serious environmental problems. - Michael Frome
Toxins love to get you while you're young. Lead, mercury, secondhand smoke and sundry other environmental nasties do a lot more damage when tissue is immature, vulnerable and growing than when it's mature and comparatively fixed. - Jeffrey Kluger
Environmental groups are not completely against dams. We approve of appropriate development. - Ma Jun
Through our regulatory reforms, the Trump administration is proving that burdensome federal regulations are not necessary to drive environmental progress. What makes our actions effective and durable is our commitment to vigorously enforce them. - Andrew R. Wheeler
I'd like to avoid the environmental apocalypse if I could. Zombies, robots - I don't know - I'd probably do alright hidden in the middle of the herd and sacrificing people to keep myself alive, but where you gonna hide when all the food is gone? - Ben Peek
It's Nixon who created the Environmental Protection Agency. Clean Air and Water Acts. Endangered Species Act. Promoted affirmative action. One could go on and on with Nixon as a New Deal liberal on domestic policy and a hawk, but one with great geo-political skills. - Douglas Brinkley
Ever since we achieved a breakthrough in the area of recombinant DNA in 1973, left-wing nuts and environmental kooks have been screaming that we will create some kind of Frankenstein bug or Andromeda Strain that will destroy us all. - James D. Watson
I'd been making music that was intended to be like painting, in the sense that it's environmental, without the customary narrative and episodic quality that music normally has. I called this 'ambient music.' But at the same time I was trying to make visual art become more like music, in that it changed the way that music changes. - Brian Eno
We must not risk defunding environmental conservation programs, which is why Congress should reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund to preserve our natural resources. - Suzan DelBene
If China is helping its domestic industries charge an artificially low price for solar panels and other environmental goods, then China is violating international trade rules that it agreed to when it became a member of the World Trade Organization. - Ron Wyden
Some types of environmental restoration projects are well-known; restored wetlands, for instance, or coal mine reclamation projects. Recently though, larger dam removal projects have started, a number of them in Washington state. - Matt Gonzalez
I have thought for years environmental issues need to be depoliticized. - Andrew R. Wheeler
What's it like to envision the ten-thousand-year environmental impact of tossing a plastic bottle into the trash bin, all in the single second it takes to actually toss it? Or the ten-thousand-year history of the fossil fuel being burned to drive to work or iron a shirt? It may be environmentally progressive, but it's not altogether pleasant. - Douglas Rushkoff
We copied laws and regulations from western countries, but enforcement remains weak, and environmental litigation is still quite near impossible. - Ma Jun
I've been making pieces dealing with environmental issues at least since 2004; I mean, I did stuff for the Sierra Club and the Alaskan Wildlife Refuge even back in the 1990s. But somewhere a little after 2004, Hummer hits me up. I'm like, 'Are you kidding me?' - Shepard Fairey
The Impact Channel and OurPlanet were created to increase awareness of environmental and social causes within the MySpace community. - Tom Anderson
We don't value food in Britain, so therefore the cheaper it is the better it is. We all eat far too much, we all pay far too little for our food. We have environmental problems, we have health problems, we have food transport problems. - Monty Don
Humankind has never transitioned to energy sources that are more costly, less reliable, and have a larger environmental footprint than the incumbent - and yet that's precisely what adding large amounts of solar and wind to the grid requires. - Michael Shellenberger
Lady Bird Johnson did more than plant flowers in public places. She served the country superbly by planting environmental values in the minds of the nation's leaders and citizens. - Stewart Udall
We're still expecting capitalism to solve problems: 'Maybe if we sell enough oil, we can give some profits to an environmental agency!' Capitalism isn't a moral system. - Anohni
Though dams and artificial lakes can have significant negative environmental impacts, when carefully considered, mitigated, and managed, the benefits of hydropower often outweigh these costs. - Seth Moulton
A variety of factors contribute to the price of gasoline in the United States. These factors include worldwide supply, demand and competition for crude oil, taxes, regional differences in access to gasoline supplies and environmental regulations. - Gary Miller
Urban residents, most of them middle class, have a much better sense of their environmental rights, and they're willing to take to the streets. - Ma Jun
Environmental disaster is the gravest threat to China's continued development. That's according to me, but it is not some wacko view. - James Fallows
If you are lucky enough to never experience any sort of adversity, we won't know how resilient you are. It's only when you're faced with obstacles, stress, and other environmental threats that resilience, or the lack of it, emerges: Do you succumb or do you surmount? - Maria Konnikova
The first time I was ever impressed with Patagonia as a brand was when they released the 'Don't Buy This Jacket' campaign. That campaign highlighted their understanding of their role in a larger environmental justice space. - DeRay Mckesson
The government employs scientists of many varieties in technical capacities, from estimating the environmental toxicity of a chemical to the structural soundness of a bridge. But when it comes to forming policies, these scientists and, especially, behavioral scientists are rarely at the table with the lawyers and the economists. - Richard Thaler
As the world's 'most dynamic' cities seek to manage their own urban growth, American state and local officials have much to offer. Our mayors can share their experiences in urban design, clean energy projects, Smart Grids, codes for energy efficient buildings, transportation safety, and innovative environmental solutions. - Robert Hormats
I've always thought the main argument for organic was more environmental than a health argument. I just don't think spraying a lot of pesticides into the environment on a routine basis is a good thing. - John Mackey
Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall. - David Suzuki
Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy. - Fred Upton
Environmental pollution, terrorism, and many other global threats do not stop at borders. We all bear global responsibility and thus need a global identity to enable us to cope with them. We must learn to integrate different levels of identity in ourselves. What matters is not either/or, but both/and. - Klaus Schwab
The wave of new productive enterprises would provide opportunities to remedy the unjust distribution of environmental hazards among economic classes and racial and ethnic communities. - Barry Commoner
Infrastructure investment in science is an investment in jobs, in health, in economic growth and environmental solutions. - Oren Etzioni
The genetics of autism are real, but there are also environmental triggers. - Elizabeth Emken
Time after time we're told corporations should have freedom from pesky job safety regulations, environmental protections and labor standards - giving working people the freedom to be crushed in collapsing mines, choke on filthy air and get paid too little to live on. - Richard Trumka
As the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and former governor of New Jersey, I have witnessed the impact of climate change firsthand. - Christine Todd Whitman
I started traveling out of curiosity, but I have come to believe in travel's political importance, that encouraging a nation's citizenry to travel may be as important as encouraging school attendance, environmental conservation, or national thrift. You cannot understand the otherness of places you have not encountered. - Andrew Solomon
If we want to address global warming, along with the other environmental problems associated with our continued rush to burn our precious fossil fuels as quickly as possible, we must learn to use our resources more wisely, kick our addiction, and quickly start turning to sources of energy that have fewer negative impacts. - David Suzuki
When I visited the Water Institute's Baton Rouge offices overlooking the Mississippi River, I couldn't find a drop of the charged politics that drives so many environmental conversations in Washington. - Nina Easton
Grave security concerns can arise as a result of demographic trends, chronic poverty, economic inequality, environmental degradation, pandemic diseases, organized crime, repressive governance and other developments no state can control alone. Arms can't address such concerns. - Ban Ki-moon
I've been a philanthropist for all my life, and... I've had many involvements in humanitarian and environmental issues. - Julian Lennon
And I know that the younger generation is doing things that are so ingenious. And for them it's not a matter of a political belief or an environmental stance. It's really just common sense. - Daryl Hannah
Your skin is a barrier that protects you from environmental aggressors like pollution, bacteria and moisture loss. - Paul Nassif
I call upon governments to start supporting companies to use more sustainable materials in their products instead of continuing with antiquated incentives, such as import duties on synthetic materials that are in principle much higher compared with those placed on leather goods regardless of the environmental footprint. - Jochen Zeitz
Environmental activism against the resource industry is widespread all over the world, but at the same time we have to realise that these are basic materials on which civilisation depends. We need to tap natural resources in a sustainable manner. - Anil Agarwal
It is not rational, never mind 'appropriate,' to impose billions of dollars in economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits. - Antonin Scalia
The planet's biggest problems have to do with sustainability, environmental decline, global poverty, disease, conflict and so forth. Really, they're all interconnected - it's one big problem, which is that the way we're doing things can't go on. - Alex Steffen
When you buy a jacket, you pick the size to ensure it fits. Similarly, we live in a universe in which the amount of dark energy fits our biological make-up. If the amount of dark energy were substantially different from what we've measured, the environmental conditions would be inhospitable to our form of life. - Brian Greene
Five years after the Chernobyl disaster, in the summer of 1991, the last summer the Soviet Union was still in existence, I visited Ukraine. I trekked out to the 20-mile exclusion zone - it had been cleared of all people after the accident - together with some local environmental activists. - Anne Applebaum
On April 16, 2010, 34 Chinese environmental organizations, including Friends of Nature, the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs, and Green Beagle, questioned heavy metal pollution in a letter sent to CEO Steve Jobs. - Ma Jun
The environmental movement, like all political processes, reacts best to disasters. But these are very slow, very gradual disasters in the making. - Ted Danson
It's absolutely shameful that Rep. Grijalva would try to use tribes as political pawns to implement the misguided agenda of extremist environmental groups. - Paul Gosar
I was a pretty independent kid. I thought maybe I'd be a veterinarian or an environmental lawyer. - Mark Parker
I always thought we had an environmental problem, but I hadn't realized how urgent it was. James Lovelock writes that by the end of this century there will be one billion people left. - Vivienne Westwood
I've always been a strong supporter of environmental protection and initiatives in that area. But I'm willing to set priorities. If we have to make reductions in one place, we'll have to-in order to increase another place, I'm willing to do that. - Judd Gregg
Viewed from a holistic ecological perspective, some meat - such as conscientiously hunted animals - involves less suffering and environmental damage than arable agriculture, while both of these are significantly less harmful than indiscriminately purchasing meat on the market. - Tristram Stuart
China is bearing the environmental cost for much of the world because China is the factory of the world. - Ma Jun
The fact is that the rich are getting richer while the poor are being left behind. Women remain under-represented in boardrooms and under-engaged in the global workforce. Environmental change is leaving the poorest countries vulnerable. Voters are becoming more and more politically polarised and partisan. - Richard Quest
Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation. - John Sununu
I've been active in animal rights and all kinds of environmental stuff and children's charities over the years. - Martina Navratilova
In Congress, I have defended solar energy to safeguard the economic and environmental future of Nevada, and I will continue to do so. - Jacky Rosen
Nature's patterns sometimes reflect two intertwined features: fundamental physical laws and environmental influences. It's nature's version of nature versus nurture. - Brian Greene
If every country's climate policy was driven purely by environmental science, we may have no need for international agreements. - Ali Bongo Ondimba
We the people have the strength to bring our country from our weak-kneed stumbling gait in the last ranks of reason to the leadership of the great march to environmental victory. - Walter Cronkite
I have heard over and over again that the drilling business is a dangerous business, and death is an expected part of the game, but I've also heard of the way that safety violations, human and environmental laws, and a concern for the local culture are flaunted in pursuit of money. - Alexandra Fuller
When you run a company, you want to hand it off in better shape than you found it. In the same way, just as we shouldn't leave our children or grandchildren with mountains of national debt and unsustainable entitlement programs, we shouldn't leave them with the economic and environmental costs of climate change. - Henry Paulson
Fundamentally, if you look at where the environmental issues are coming from, it's all because of humans and our impact on the environment, so while it's true that one individual is not going to sufficiently fix the environment, it is a necessary thing. - David Filo
Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic. - James Buchan
There is a need to spread more awareness about environmental issues. - Vivek
I don't own designer clothes, or a sports car, or a huge house, but I am seeing the world, experiencing amazing things, and I have become an environmental campaigner. - Roz Savage
Ever since the environmental movement was sparked by photos of the whole Earth taken by astronauts onboard Apollo Lunar Modules, I've seen planetary exploration as an extension of a reverence and care for Earth. - David Grinspoon
Clothing shouldn't be a societal shackle. It should be art and truth and a way for us to show the world what we want out of it. It's environmental armor. - Rain Dove
Genetic modification is a very powerful tool. But like any powerful tool, when using it, you have to take into account the environmental impact, the food safety aspects and so on. There must be a strong regulatory mechanism. - M. S. Swaminathan
I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind. - Corey Feldman
I have younger friends who are in this pinch where they feel they've been counted out before they've had a chance to prove themselves. They've inherited a lot of debt - not just student debt but environmental debt, political debt. They really feel squeezed. - G. Willow Wilson
Ecosystems are holy. The word "environmental" is a deadly compromise itself. It's a policy word that lives only in the head, and barely there. - David James Duncan
I have a huge fan following in Bellary, and when they met me, they told me about their problems. I have seen mining done without proper safety measures and not taking environmental protection into account. - Pawan Kalyan
I embrace a Green New Deal; I just think we have to have public-private partnerships if we're going to get there. We have to align the environmental incentives with the financial incentives. - Tim Ryan
The human and environmental devastation caused by nuclear weapons - whether by testing, mistake or malice - is the very reason we need to eliminate them altogether. - Valerie Plame
I worked as a draftsman for the Department of Environmental Protection, and as a teacher, in N.Y.C.; at a big bank and a small ad agency, a tiny law firm and a few giant ones; as a cashier and a dishwasher; preparing deli sandwiches and stringing tennis racquets and pruning evergreens into conical Christmas-tree shapes. - Chris Pavone
There is the GIS world that is largely managing authoritative data sources, supporting geocentric workflows like fixing roads, making cities more livable through better planning, environmental management, forest management, drilling in the right location for oil, managing assets and utilities. - Jack Dangermond
All too often, the conversation about appropriate and balanced environmental stewardship gets caught up in partisan politics. Yet, this conversation is key to the preservation of our great country for generations to come, as important as ensuring we have fiscally responsible policies to secure our future. - Chris Gibson
Unprecedented technological capabilities combined with unlimited human creativity have given us tremendous power to take on intractable problems like poverty, unemployment, disease, and environmental degradation. Our challenge is to translate this extraordinary potential into meaningful change. - Muhammad Yunus
I took the initiative in moving forward a whole range of initiatives that have proven to be important to our country's economic growth, environmental protection, improvements in our educational system. - Al Gore
Good environmental policy is good economic policy. - Bernie Sanders
It should be noted that the EPA's banning of methanol is categorically absurd from the point of view of environmental protection. - Robert Zubrin
I think it makes people in the Pentagon kind of nervous to know that chemical agents and environmental factors could cause so much damage in terms of what may happen in the future. - Bernie Sanders
Our obligation to fight pollution traces the roots of its persuasion to that same moral mountaintop from which my father lent his voice to the voiceless. The pursuit of civil equality in health helped build our environmental laws. - Martin Luther King III
I always knew that I was going be an environmental advocate when I was very young. - Robert Kennedy, Jr.
I'm such an advocate for animal rights and environmental rights. - Beau Garrett
American culture is torn between our long romance with violence and our terror of the devastation wrought by war and crime and environmental havoc. - Katherine Dunn
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty. - Adam Schiff
Real environmental change depends on us. We can't wait for our leaders. We have to focus on what our own responsibilities are and how we can make the change happen. - Severn Cullis-Suzuki
By the 1980s, businesses had realized that environmental issues had a price tag. Increasingly, they balked. Reflexively, the anticorporate Left pivoted; Earth Day, erstwhile snow job, became an opportunity to denounce capitalist greed. - Charles C. Mann
Environmental injustice is a tangible, intolerable example of an exhibited moral laxity and minimal concern for healthy standards by corporations and political structures based on the race, ethnicity, and class of those being impacted. - Bernice King
It is economically irrational to exclude large environmental costs from the balance sheets of the producers and the consumers. You are only kidding yourself if you export those costs on to society as a whole. - John Holdren
Vegetarians have been around for a very long time - Pythagoreans forbade eating animals more than 2,500 years ago - but even as the environmental evidence mounted, they didn't appear to be winning the argument. - Tristram Stuart
I like the outdoors and the natural world. Environmental issues. - Mackenzie Crook
These days, most nature photographers are deeply committed to the environmental message. - Galen Rowell
Ethanol is a premier, high performance fuel. It has tremendous environmental benefits and is a key component to energy independence for our country. - Richard Lugar
The world has been experiencing a whole pattern of auto-destruction, whether in environmental disasters like Chernobyl or health disasters like AIDS. - Niki de St. Phalle
Since the day he came into office, President Bush has worked to gut more than 34 years of hard work by weakening many of our Nation's standing environmental laws, some of which were signed into law by his father. - Jim Jeffords
This Bush administration has a growing credibility gap, maybe even a credibility chasm, on environmental policy. The President has lost the trust of the American people when it comes to the environment. - Jim Jeffords
We have fought for social justice. We have fought for economic justice. We have fought for environmental justice. We have fought for criminal justice. Now we must add a new fight - the fight for electoral justice. - Barbara Boxer
I align myself with almost all researchers in assuming that anything we do is a composite of whatever genetic limitations were given to us by our parents and whatever kinds of environmental opportunities are available. - Howard Gardner
I decided that now is the time to start doing the things that really interest me and I find important. It was in the 10 years of the MacArthur grant that I began working on my first book... and I began putting more work into environmental history. - Jared Diamond
Federal elections happen every two years in this country. Presidential elections every four years. And four years just isn't long enough to dismantle all the environmental laws we've got in this country. - Jared Diamond
There are a tremendous amount of environmental issues that are on the table. - Ed Rendell
In the state of Wisconsin it's mandated that teachers in the social sciences and hard sciences have to start giving environmental education by the first grade, through high school. - Gaylord Nelson
Franklin Roosevelt was very concerned about environmental issues. - Gaylord Nelson
My efforts in Congress are guided by the belief that environmental preservation and restoration are a critical part of the legacy we leave to future generations. - Sue Kelly
Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan. - Jane D. Hull
It is one of the issues that will have to be worked through however let me make the point and I think anyone would accept that if you set it up properly, not only will you get better environmental outcomes, you have a chance to create more wealth with the available resource. - John Anderson
But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it. - John Anderson
This Nation has realized significant environmental improvements over the last three decades. - Jerry Costello
While the Environmental Genome Project does not seek to assign allele frequencies, we are aware of the importance of accurate allele frequency estimates for future epidemiologic studies and the large sample sizes such estimates will require. - Samuel Wilson
It is important to consider whether the sample size selected by the Environmental Genome Project will provide sufficient power to discover most alleles relevant to gene-environment interactions. - Samuel Wilson
One of the responsibilities faced by the Environmental Genome Project is to provide the science base upon which society can make better informed risk management decisions. - Samuel Wilson
We all recognize that in recent decades, many important achievements have helped create a cleaner, healthier environment, yet our national needs in environmental health are not being fully met. - Samuel Wilson
Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates. - Samuel Wilson
My entry into the environmental arena was through the issue that so dramatically - and destructively - demonstrates the link between science and social action: nuclear weapons. - Barry Commoner
By adopting the control strategy, the nation's environmental program has created a built-in antagonism between environmental quality and economic growth. - Barry Commoner
Environmental quality was drastically improved while economic activity grew by the simple expedient of removing lead from gasoline - which prevented it from entering the environment. - Barry Commoner
The most meaningful engine of change, powerful enough to confront corporate power, may be not so much environmental quality, as the economic development and growth associated with the effort to improve it. - Barry Commoner
We should restore a proper balance in environmental regulation and energy production that is based on common sense, not political agendas. - Mac Thornberry
I don't see this planet being... they're talking about how they're turning around the environmental problems here, but I think it's already too late. - Ace Frehley
We have a project with Unocal here in Los Angeles, where we as an environmental organization, the oil company, and the state all get together to promote the recycling of used motor oil. - Ted Danson
My idea of an amusement park story is getting adventurers to go tour environmental disaster areas. After all, if the entire Great Barrier Reef gets killed, which seems like an extremely lively possibility, what are you going to do with all that rotting limestone? - Bruce Sterling
I reflect back 35 years ago, and look how far we have come in America with our environmental policy to improve the conditions of our air and water, and we have had some real successes. - Jay Inslee
We had some major successes and we did so because the country embraced the spirit of Earth Day and embraced this concept that we have to have forward-looking, visionary environmental policy and energy policy in this country. - Jay Inslee
In this country, the health concerns and the environmental concerns are as deep as in Europe. All the surveys show that. But here, we didn't have the cultural dimension. This is a fast-food culture. - Jeremy Rifkin
The position I took at the time was that we hadn't really examined any of the potential environmental consequences of introducing genetically modified organisms. - Jeremy Rifkin
There is no question that photography has played a major role in the environmental movement. - Galen Rowell
There are nuclear weapons in China, Iran, Korea and Pakistan. It wouldn't take much to send a couple of warheads off on this planet somewhere that would cause a lot of environmental damage, then if you have got someone who wants to retaliate you have real problems. - Edward James Olmos
There should be more attention paid to scientific research in the ecology area, and I think that such attention to proper environmental concerns would make the public feel much better about it. - Thomas R. Cech
I am on the board of corporations who contribute both to environmental problems and their solutions. And I am on the NGO side: the Earth Council and other organizations. - Maurice Strong
I've developed a huge regard for Toyota for its environmental awareness, for its immense commitment to research and development in this field, and for its leadership in developing hybrids which others are now following. - Maurice Strong
One of the things that I've always thought I would like to do is to develop an environmental index. Then people can measure their own environmental performance on an index as they do in other ways. - Maurice Strong
Ted Turner is still a leader. And he sets a great example. His ability financially has been reduced, but his influence and his example still is an important asset to the whole environmental movement. - Maurice Strong
More than ever before, there is a global understanding that long-term social, economic, and environmental development would be impossible without healthy families, communities, and countries. - Gro Harlem Brundtland
The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use. - Dan Lipinski
Hydrogen holds great promise to meet many of our future energy needs, and it addresses national security and our environmental concerns. Hydrogen is the simplest, most abundant element in the universe. - Dan Lipinski
Of the 55 refineries closed in America in the last 10 years, they were all closed for economic reasons, mostly oil company mergers. Not a single one was closed for environmental purposes or objections. - Peter DeFazio
We created the Cabinet Committee on the Environment to review the environmental implications of all government initiatives. I think what made us successful was the fact that it was a sustained approach. We did something new every year. - Brian Mulroney
Like I said, I'm more worried long term about the environmental issues then the use of arms. - Hans Blix
So to hope to be able to have peace, to be able to have justice and environmental balance, are consequences of our behavior, not just our intentions. - Godfrey Reggio
Having yet another vote on refinery legislation that uses high oil prices as an excuse to weaken environmental protections and to give more legislative gifts to the oil industry is misguided in the extreme. - Sherwood Boehlert
Let me start by emphasizing that I am open to efforts to expedite environmental procedures for true emergencies or in other clear cases where current laws are needlessly burdensome. - Sherwood Boehlert
Well, for starters, we have to do more to create demand for new technologies that can reduce our dependence on foreign oil and environmental degradation. - Sherwood Boehlert
I think an old style of addressing environmental problems is ebbing, but the rise of the so-called conservative, political movement in this country is not a trend towards the future but a reaction to this very broad shift that we are undergoing. - Paul Hawken
But reducing harmful emissions, abating our dependence on foreign oil and developing alternative renewable energy sources have benefits that go beyond environmental health, they improve personal health, enhance national security and encourage our nation's economic viability. - Jim Clyburn
I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective. - Joe Barton
At every turn, when humanity is asked the question, 'Do you want temporary economic gain or long-term environmental loss, which one do you prefer,' we invariably choose the money. - Ethan Hawke
At Current, television is all we do - that's our business. We don't have amusement parks I have to worry about, we don't have environmental cases against us, we don't have a series of outdoor-advertising companies. - Keith Olbermann
No one does a better, cleaner, or environmental friendlier, than the United States, when it comes to drilling for oil, gas, coal, oil refineries and fish friendly hydroelectric. - David Pratt
Why should we not expect self-designated environmental leaders to practice what they preach? - David Frum
Our work on light bulbs wasn't an arbitrary mandate. We didn't just pick a standard out of the air, or look for a catchy sounding standard like 25 by 2025 not based in science or feasibility. Instead, we worked with both industry and environmental groups to come up with a standard that made sense and was doable. - Fred Upton
Fracking is doable if there's full disclosure of all chemicals used. Secondly, science dictates the policy rather than politics. Third, there's collaboration between environmental groups and the natural gas industry. - Bill Richardson
But, as environment minister, I am very interested in a thriving German automobile industry, because I can only pay for the rising costs of environmental protection at home and abroad if there are people in Germany with jobs and who pay taxes. - Sigmar Gabriel
On the environmental front there's concern about global warming and high levels of carbon dioxide, and trees take in CO2 and store carbon. - Clive Anderson
Civilization has given us enormous successes: going to the moon, technology. But then this is the civilisation that took us to debt, environmental crisis, every single crisis. We need a civilization where we say goodbye to these things. - Muhammad Yunus
What I have experienced over time is that environmental problems are easier to deal with in ways that don't go into their interconnections to the rest of what we are. - Barry Commoner
Economists treat economics as if it is a pure science divorced from the facts of life. The result of this false accountancy is a willful confusion under cover of which industry wreaks its havoc scot-free and ignores the environmental cost. - Vivienne Westwood
I don't think it's too hippie to want to clean up the planet so you don't wind up dying of some kind of cancer when you're 45 years old. It enrages me that these big cancer-research organizations can't be bothered to man the front lines of environmental protest. - Jello Biafra
Factory farming is one of the biggest contributors to the most serious environmental problems. The meat industry causes more greenhouse gas emissions than all the cars, trucks, planes and ships in the world. - Joan Jett
I am going to confront the old-fashioned negative thinking which says that all government needs to do to generate growth is cut worker and environmental protections, cut taxes on the rich and stroke 'fat cats' until they purr with pleasure. I'm completely repudiating the idea that government has to get out of the way. - Vince Cable
There has been a banking crisis, a financial crisis, an economic crisis, a social crisis, a geostrategic crisis and an environmental crisis. That's considerable in a country that's used to being protected. - Jean-Francois Cope
In the rich world, the environmental situation has improved dramatically. In the United States, the most important environmental indicator, particulate air pollution, has been cut by more than half since 1955, rivers and coastal waters have dramatically improved, and forests are increasing. - Bjorn Lomborg
I thought I was gonna be an attorney, so I went to Dartmouth and I was a government major and I minored in environmental policy, and I didn't do anything academically around the arts. - Aisha Tyler
A fascinating challenge facing today's environmental movement is how to best approach the reversal of past decisions that altered once-pristine environmental spaces for the sake of urgent man-made needs. - Matt Gonzalez
New Zealand needs to balance its environmental responsibilities with its economic opportunities, because the risk is that if you don't do that - and you want to lead the world - then you might end up getting unintended consequences. - John Key
More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance. - Simon Mainwaring
We now see numerous examples of brands working together to address issues such as environmental degradations, climate control, pollution, poverty and disease. - Simon Mainwaring
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change. - Simon Mainwaring
There's so many issues tied to the meat industry. I mean, social, environmental, humanitarian - all of them. I know that when I'm eating that I'm not hurting the planet, I'm not hurting other people on this planet, I'm not hurting animals... and I'm not hurting nature. - Maggie Q
I hope that in future Congresses there will reemerge a recognition that climate change is a reality, that our policies to meet our energy needs must also deal responsibly with environmental issues, including the damage caused by greenhouse gas emissions. - Jeff Bingaman
Americans don't pay much attention to environmental issues, because they aren't sexy. I mean, cleaning up coal plants and reining in outlaw frackers is hugely important work, but it doesn't get anybody's pulse racing. - Jeff Goodell
Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking. - Jeff Goodell
Have we failed to slow global warming pollution in part because climate and environmental activists have been too polite and well behaved? - Jeff Goodell
If there are more and more environmental refugees, they are going to end up on your doorstep too. - Nina Fedoroff
A person whose skin is metallic can no more have its reproduction restricted than a black-skinned person. Regarding life as a form of machinery and intelligent machines as people without our environmental limitations is essential in understanding FAP, the Final Anthropic Principle, which deals with evolution in the far future. - Frank Tipler
I think there's a green side to John Kerry, if you like, that he's an environmental activist. His record on the environment is as best as you have on a pro-environment record of anybody in the U.S. Senate. - Douglas Brinkley
The environmental crisis is all a result of rushing. - Ed Begley, Jr.
California has always led the way on environmental protection and always reaped the benefits, pioneering everything from catalytic convertors on cars to stationary source reduction. - Ed Begley, Jr.
People are overwhelmed looking up at the Mount Everest of environmental challenges that we face. But you put one foot in front of the other and you recognize that not everyone is Sir Edmund Hillary. - Ed Begley, Jr.
We tend to be more environmental at home than at work, regardless of the industry we're in. - Gale Anne Hurd
The North Pole will be ice-free during summer in years to come, and that itself will put the Arctic Sea basin on a very high risk of... environmental disasters that might be there. - Aleqa Hammond
Religious and spiritual leaders should be held accountable for environmental activism, not only because they have access to large communities and can influence votes, but because service is integral to religious and spiritual life. - Radhanath Swami
Business has a way of talking about how to create value, which is in some way isn't bad... We just need to start thinking about if the value we want to create is consistent with all social and environmental well being. - Peter Senge
If you look around the world, the countries with the best environmental practices are the wealthiest. There's a reason for that. If you're worried about where your next meal is going to come from or shelter over your head, your focus is on those things. - John S. Watson
The NFL, sadly, has a fatal environmental problem: It kills its workers. - Matt Taibbi
Businesses can lead with their values and make money, too. You don't have to simply be purely profit-driven. You can integrate social and environmental concerns into a business, be a caring business, be a generous business and still do very well financially. - Jerry Greenfield
Businesses typically look at issues like price, quality, time of delivery. They don't often think about social and environmental impact because they're focused on their financial bottom line. - Jerry Greenfield
Look at your business and the activities that you undertake. Then, start to think about not just your economic concerns, but about social and environmental impacts that businesses have. - Jerry Greenfield
With my biology degree, I got this job at an environmental lab. We tested sewage runoff, we tested chemical warfare waste runoff. It's a job I'll never do again and I would never wish upon anybody. - Dustin Lynch
Americans increasingly understand that clean energy is more than just an environmental issue. It is crucial to reducing our dangerous dependence on foreign countries. - Martin Heinrich
I've always been a big supporter of the Surfrider Foundation. I started my own foundation, Rob Machado Foundation, which focuses on environmental education for the little people of the world. - Rob Machado
I want to be a lawyer, a dancer, an actress, a mother, a wife, a children's author, a distance runner, a poet, a pianist, a pet store owner, an astronaut, an environmental and humanitarian activist, a psychiatrist, a ballet teacher, and the first woman president. - Rachel Corrie
As a nation, we owe a great deal to the National Audubon Society, one of our most distinguished and important environmental organizations, and all those who work to protect America's open land and waterways. - Louis Bacon
Every global concern - economic, environmental or security-related - can be addressed more effectively when the U.S. and China work together. - Henry Paulson
I believe very strongly that corporations could and should be a major force for resolving social and environmental concerns in the twenty-first century. - William Clay Ford, Jr.
The BP spill was the greatest environmental catastrophe in U.S. history. Yet somehow, gas companies like BP and Halliburton ran interference on reporting that story. - Josh Fox
The language 'It's too late' is very unsuitable for most environmental issues. It's too late for the dodo and for people who've starved to death already, but it's not too late to prevent an even bigger crisis. The sooner we act on the environment, the better. - Jeremy Grantham
I find the parallels between how some investors refuse to recognise the trends and our reaction to some of our environmental challenges very powerful. There is an unwillingness to process unpleasant data. - Jeremy Grantham
I think the environmental movement has failed in that it's used the stick too much; it's used the apocalyptic tone too much; it hasn't sold the positive aspects of being environmentally concerned and trying to pull us out. - Edward Burtynsky
Environmental scientists in Canada said it was impossible for me to get to the Pole in 2004... I said 'no,' it's still OK, and I can still get there, and I did. - Ben Saunders
I try to understand place on a deeper level than just the physical or environmental aspects. It includes cultural and intellectual forces, too. It's an inclusive approach that brings in many disciplines and sees place as a dynamic thing. - Antoine Predock
A building that has great environmental responsibility is a political animal in a way because it becomes promotional of a cause. I think that kind of advocacy through architecture is really good. - Antoine Predock
On the environment and climate change, I suspect that future generations will think there was too much timidity, too much fear of upsetting business. Basically, New Labour was very nervous about regulating business, or requiring it to do anything, even when there was a very clear social or environmental case for doing so. - Geoff Mulgan
For too much of history, we've viewed the world's precious resources - both environmental and human - as things to extract, to make the most of in order to maximize their potential. - Jacqueline Novogratz
With increasing fervor since the 1980s, sustainability has been the watchword of scientists, environmental activists, and indeed all those concerned about the complex, fragile systems on the sphere we inhabit. It has shaped debates about business, design, and our lifestyles. - Jamais Cascio
Computer programmers, biotechnologists, environmental scientists, neuroscientists, nanotech engineers - all of these fields, and more, should have at least a course in ethics as part of their degree requirements. - Jamais Cascio
Shrimp farms are a scourge on the earth, frankly, from an environmental point of view. They pour huge amounts of pollutants into the ocean. They also pollute their next-door neighbors. - Jane Poynter
For businesses, biomimicry is about bringing a new discipline - biology - to the design table. It's not to write an environmental impact statement, as most biologists in business do right now. - Janine Benyus
Sustainable South Bronx advocates for environmental justice through sustainable environmental and economic development projects. - Majora Carter
I'm not a doctor or scientist. I'm just a mom. But I do think there's a genetic predisposition, and there are environmental triggers. I feel like that combination, in my child's case, is what resulted in autism. - Holly Robinson Peete
Wealth and vegetation go together, and that exacerbates environmental injustice. The poor bear the burden of degraded environments. - Natalie Jeremijenko
We ignore slow environmental changes unless they are crisis-driven, such as hurricanes in Florida. - Natalie Jeremijenko
This whole idea that we address environmental issues by not doing stuff just doesn't work. - Natalie Jeremijenko
The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality - what a joke. In my district, we caught them lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale. They are playing with the health and safety of our communities, and we are going to tell them that is not acceptable. - Wendy Davis
I rarely fly, for environmental reasons more than anything else. - Marcus Brigstocke
No day is alike - I do many other things, and I'm very active in the environmental movement. - Jostein Gaarder
If one of the arguments against eating meat is to do with cruelty and animal intelligence, then lab meat avoids that. There's also the environmental argument for it. - Margaret Atwood
A social impact bond is a new way of bringing financing into social and environmental support issues. - Judith Rodin
I think environmentalists do no service to their cause by taking fundamentalist stances. I am not defending corporate India's track record, but for many environmental problems, there are technological solutions. - Jairam Ramesh
I have American in-laws, and I care about the environment. We don't use disposable diapers, which, of course, creates an environmental problem of our own. - Yakov Smirnoff
The environmental effects of the automobile are well known: motor vehicles cause, for example, as much as 75 percent of the noise and 80 percent of the air pollution in our cities, and the industry must face mounting pressure from environmentalists. - Stewart Udall
We always hear from newspapers that while people understand the environmental challenge, they are unwilling to stomach the solutions. The trouble is, we only ever hear about the solutions from the media, and for whatever reason, they are almost always caricatured beyond recognition. If there's no appetite for green, it's not surprising. - Zac Goldsmith
Politicians usually get the blame for dragging their feet on environmental issues. And fair enough. Most of them do just that. But the blame isn't theirs alone. For politicians afraid of losing votes, a bristling media waiting to transform good green ideas into monsters is a colossal disincentive. - Zac Goldsmith
By uploading 40 years of 'Ecologist' editions online, we will be creating the world's most extensive ecological archive. 'The Ecologist' will continue to set the environmental and political agenda here and abroad. - Zac Goldsmith
Politics colours everything, and anyone who wants change is necessarily political. As an environmental campaigner more or less since I left school in the early '90s, I have always been involved in lobbying, campaigning and pushing for changes. - Zac Goldsmith
Environmental spending creates jobs in engineering, manufacturing, construction, materials, operations and maintenance. - Keith Ellison
The environmental movement's focus on the Keystone XL pipeline issue really used to baffle me. - Matthew Yglesias
'Green' is likely to be a big issue in the 2008 U.S. presidential election - largely in response to George Bush's suicidal refusal to engage with environmental issues. - Zac Goldsmith
The way to make the world a better place, through your eating, is simply to eat a bit less meat. Local is sometimes good, sometimes bad. But even when it's good, its environmental impact is relatively small compared to other possible improvements. - Tyler Cowen
It is a world of extremes, which can be characterised most clearly in terms of exclusion. That means political exclusion, whereby the rights of citizens are marginalised by the interests of big business: George W Bush's environmental policy, for example, is clearly formulated in the interests of U.S. energy companies. - Noreena Hertz
Transparency, accountability and sustainability have become the slogans of the market leaders. Companies carry out environmental and social audits to court the consumer, and even the bluest chips woo organisations such as Greenpeace and Amnesty. - Noreena Hertz
My mom was an environmental activist in Australia in the late '60s and '70s, and I guess I've inherited that awareness from her. - Robin McLeavy
It is all very well for 2% of the population to live in a monastic state of meatlessness while everyone else gorges their way towards environmental meltdown or the nearest heart clinic. Vegetarianism is good for the willing minority, but not much use as a campaign tool. - Tristram Stuart
The manufacture and running of all the world's computers, the toxicity of the hardware mountains that we currently dump on other countries; all this can be totted up on the environmental account of web-users and its authors. - Tristram Stuart
Chinese brands will face many obstacles when marketing to Western consumers. Beyond the associations with poor quality and unsound environmental practices, they generally do not have the marketing capabilities or budgets to build powerful global brands. - Nirmalya Kumar
The Environmental Control and Life Support System (ECLSS), which controls the living environment on shuttles and on the International Space Station, doesn't have the luxury of disposal: discharging trash into space has long been judged a bad idea. - Rose George
The Moon stabilizes Earth's obliquity. Well, almost. The tilt actually varies between 22 and 24.5 degrees - and the variation is enough to induce such environmental inconveniences as the occasional ice age. Without the Moon, it might be much worse. - Seth Shostak
Congressional Republicans are dismantling the limited environmental protections initiated by Richard Nixon, who would be something of a dangerous radical in today's political scene. - Noam Chomsky
The worst environmental decision you can make as a human being is to have 14 kids. - Jane Velez-Mitchell
Wouldn't it help Americans more, in the long run, if we were forced to accept some responsibility for the environmental wreckage we prefer to assume is totally out of our control? - Jane Velez-Mitchell
Every decision we make - when we choose a vehicle, when we pump gas into that vehicle, when we order food - is not just a personal lifestyle choice. It's an environmental and moral choice. - Jane Velez-Mitchell
The environmental movement doesn't have many deserters and has a high level of recruitment. Eventually, there will be open war. - Paul Watson
Usually, environmental programs are not designed for a mainstream audience. - Paul Watson
It's worth knowing more about the complicated environmental and genetic factors that could explain why traumatic brain injuries lead to long-term disabilities in some people and not in others. - Anne Wojcicki
What causes autism? As far as we know in 2013, there is no single gene or single environmental factor that accounts for the more than 1 million Americans with ASDs. - Thomas R. Insel
There is no better example of the overreach of government than in environmental law. - Chris Stewart
It took a generation for companies to recognise their responsibilities in terms of labour practices and another generation for them to recognise their environmental obligations. - Rebecca MacKinnon
Over the past several decades, a growing number of investors have been choosing to put their money in funds that screen companies for their environmental and labor records. Some socially responsible investors are starting to add free expression and privacy to their list of criteria. - Rebecca MacKinnon
Without global human rights, labor and environmental movements, companies would still be hiring 12-year-olds as a matter of course and poisoning our groundwater without batting an eyelid. - Rebecca MacKinnon
If people are prepared to eat locally and seasonally, then they probably do pretty well in terms of environmental impact. - Peter Singer
There are several issues why we are opposed to bauxite mining in Visakhapatnam agency region, like environmental pollution, threat to rivers, and tourism. - Kishore Chandra Deo
Food and the way we grow it and produce it are a major cause of environmental degradation. - Jose Andres
In the end, I think the majority of Romanian society will understand that if we respect environmental protection standards, if we have benefits in taxes, royalties, jobs, we should do what all the modern countries in Europe and beyond are doing to take advantage of their natural resources. - Victor Ponta
You begin to see that all of these things are connected: The kind of cuts that mean less environmental protection are also the kind of cuts that mean less musical education for the schools and that also mean more overcrowded schools. - Robert Hass
I don't know if acting is genetic. Maybe it's environmental. - Freddie Prinze, Jr.
You always bump into politics in life, and as a man, I'm party to a number of environmental issues that concern me first and foremost, as a man, as a father. - Pierce Brosnan
Wear the badge of environmental radicalism, and you're a citizen automatically under suspicion. - Alexander Cockburn
Like the other great revolutions, an environmental revolution will require sacrifices and lead to enormous gains. It, too, will change the face of the land and human institutions, hierarchies, self-definitions, cultures. It will take centuries. If it happens. There is no guarantee, of course. - Donella Meadows
If you look at the history of other movements, whether Civil Rights or environmental rights, these are all decades-long undertakings. - Mitch Kapor
I have voted against only one of President Obama's nominees: Michael Froman, a Citigroup alumnus who is currently storming the halls of Congress as U.S. Trade Representative pushing trade deals that threaten to undermine financial regulation, workers' rights, and environmental protections. - Elizabeth Warren
The growth that we want is one that brings real benefits to the people, raises quality and efficiency of development, and contributes to energy conservation and environmental protection. - Li Keqiang
There is a new wave of environmental consumers I like to call Pocketbook Environmentalists. They're going green primarily because it makes good financial sense, but the fact that it benefits their families' health and the environment also makes them feel good. - Lynn Jurich
Watching cold fusion is like watching water boil in slow motion. First, sufficient deuterium has to penetrate the palladium electrode. This can take a few weeks. Then, if excess heat is generated during the next month or two, accurate temperature readings require extreme precautions to exclude environmental effects. - Charles Platt
I don't know anything about propaganda for Chinese reunification. I only know about charity and environmental work. I just want to do good. - Chen Guangbiao
On almost every environmental issue I care about, in fact, I've been wrong at one point or another. I used to think that climate change was no big deal, that most environmental problems were massive exaggerations, that oil reserves were effectively unlimited, and more. - Ramez Naam
It really disturbs me that the environmental movement has been co-opted by creation-worshippers instead of being encouraged by the Creator-worshippers. - Joel Salatin
I think future engineered species could be the source of food, hopefully a source of energy, environmental remediation and perhaps replacing the petrochemical industry. - Craig Venter
I see a future where states compete with one another to see which can be the most efficient, and where businesses seek out efficient states in which to locate so they can reap the economic and environmental benefits for their businesses and employees. - Bernie Sanders
In May 2007, congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed to a plan to include environmental and international labor standards in upcoming trade agreements. - Nina Easton
We should bring in an environmental attitude, and I think luxury should automatically be about sustainability and quality. - Jochen Zeitz
In terms of environmental impact, Samasource jobs are very green. Our product is human intelligence, and it's transported through the Internet rather than via carbon-intensive trucking, shipping, and warehousing. - Leila Janah
What we mean by an outcome will naturally depend on the context. Thus, for a government charged with delivering public goods, an outcome will consist of the quantities provided of such goods as intercity highways, national defense and security, environmental protection, and public education together with the arrangements by which they are financed. - Eric Maskin
There are environmental threats to health; there are internal threats to health - genetic conditions, viral threats, diseases like cancer and Parkinson's. And then there are societal and global ones, like poverty and lack of nutrition. And unknown viral threats - everything from a new kind of influenza to hemorrhagic fever. - Bill Maris
To avoid congestion, I get up at 5:10, grab a slice of raisin toast, and leave the house at 6 A.M. My husband, Tim Dunn, who works for an environmental agency, is still asleep when I slip out, and I find that rather annoying. - Ellen Stofan
As fears about the energy and environmental crises reach a fever pitch, we're all searching for solutions. And one possibility is that we could fix everything if we'd just shrink our population back down to about 2 billion people - which would put us roughly where we were at 80 years ago. - Annalee Newitz
In 'Sidney's Comet,' thanks to all the consumerism, all the garbage had to be put in deep space, even though we're not supposed to litter the cosmos - that was an environmental message. Although it was funny, it had an important message. - Brian Herbert
Autoimmunity is probably the next frontier. The majority of cases of autoimmune disease result from a complex genetic problem that has environmental influences. It is a colossal task for the immune system to maintain tolerance to self and yet be ready to react to everything in the world around us. - Bruce Beutler
Innate mechanisms endow the visual system with highly specific connections, but visual experience early in life is necessary for their maintenance and full development. Deprivation experiments demonstrate that neural connections can be modulated by environmental influences during a critical period of postnatal development. - Torsten Wiesel
The majority of autists - as well as their parents - seem to be genuine victims of environmental stress. - Nikolaas Tinbergen
With EarthEcho Expedition: Acid Apocalypse, we are working with youth leaders and noted experts on the changing chemistry of our ocean to help illuminate one of our most pressing and inscrutable environmental issues. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
EarthEcho Expeditions represents the culmination of more than a decade of working with educators and youth from around the world. EarthEcho Expeditions uses the thrill of adventure to inspire and empower a new generation of environmental champions. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
I travel all over the country speaking to young people, and I am always amazed at how engaged in environmental conservation they are. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
I have spent many years working in education and media, from hosting documentaries to being a spokesperson for Discovery Education to revolutionizing youth environmental service through my non-profit, EarthEcho International. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
Fossil fuels and mining is a short-term gambit. If we develop those resources at the expense of the environmental gold mine that is the Great Barrier Reef, we will all lose in the long run. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
Helping people understand the impact of key environmental and human issues worldwide is something that I'm passionate about. CNN's 'Going Green' series of specials are engaging viewers around the world through important messages of conservation and hope. - Philippe Cousteau, Jr.
What I remain opposed to is the idea that David Cameron could go around and give up workers' rights, give up environmental protection, give up a whole load of things that are very important. - Jeremy Corbyn
Brands who come to China, often they just care about price - so they actually drive the suppliers to cut corners on environmental standards to win a contract. - Ma Jun
The motivation should come from regulatory enforcement, but enforcement is weak, and environmental litigation is near to impossible. So there's an urgent need for extensive public participation to generate another kind of motivation. - Ma Jun
Environmental problems cannot be resolved here the way they are resolved in other countries. I heard that 80 per cent of the environmental problems in the U.S. are solved in court. That can't happen here. - Ma Jun
Environmental concerns and feminism are locked together. Generally, women have closer connections to the organic nature of our lives. - Carolyn Kizer
Many environmental battles are won by delaying a destructive project long enough to change the conversation - to allow new economic, political and social dynamics to emerge. - Frances Beinecke
Our nation has abundant clean energy resources, and tapping them will generate jobs, make the air safer to breathe, and tackle climate change - the greatest environmental crisis of our time. - Frances Beinecke
Climate change is the central environmental ill of our time. We have an obligation to protect our children from the dangers of this widening scourge, and we aren't yet doing enough about it. - Frances Beinecke
When the government undertakes or approves a major project such as a dam or highway project, it must make sure the project's impacts, environmental and otherwise, are considered. In many cases, NEPA gives the public its only opportunity to be heard about the project's impact on their community. - Frances Beinecke
When we go to the store, we bring home more than food - we bring home traces of broader environmental problems. But we can use our shopping carts and dinner plates to help solve some of those problems. - Frances Beinecke
If Canada could simply apply the basic principles of sustainable development, such as the internalization of costs and 'polluters pay,' it would have long-term beneficial effects, both environmental and economic. - Andrew Nikiforuk
I was surprised to see how much the mainstream environmental movement hates the ELF. - Marshall Curry
I have a pretty positive view of environmental activism, but I didn't know much about the ELF. A lot of people make documentaries because they have something they want to say, but I make them because there's something I want to explore. - Marshall Curry
As a group, we want to follow good and green strategy. Setting targets is one element of that. The second part is to design products which meet environmental goals. - Jamshyd Godrej
I hope my work contributes to understanding long-term patterns of human behavior and how we survive, thrive, or fail during times of environmental, social, and economic crisis. - Sarah Parcak
We've sued out-of-state power plants that are polluting our air and led a coalition of attorneys general from Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Massachusetts against efforts in the U.S. House of Representatives to remove critical environmental regulations that protect New York communities from toxic pollution. - Eric Schneiderman
All of us are going to have to find ways to do things more efficiently, find ways to get our costs more in line, and do it in a time of higher regulatory and environmental standards. - N. Murray Edwards
I believe that it is impossible to stop people from using the fossil fuels, so we need to develop technologies which allow us to use them without creating environmental havoc on the planet. - Klaus Lackner
Fossil fuels will run out not because of limited resources but because of the environmental impact. If I can solve that impact, I have basically increased the resource base by a vast amount. - Klaus Lackner
You want to keep the severity of our environmental problems in mind enough to keep yourself motivated but not enough to paralyze you into depression. - Sara Gilbert
Environmental activists in the rough Antarctic seas have launched a new tool in the fight to stop a Japanese operation to kill hundreds of whales: remote-controlled drones. - Jonathan Franklin
You name it - it is something every day from the Environmental Protection Agency, and every group I talk to is the same message: 'Please stop them. Please stop.' - Stephen Fincher
Congress has no business telling courts within a state that they are prohibited from considering issues involving a lease for energy development, production, and exploration that has the potential to cause irreparable environmental and economic damage to the Gulf Coast area of that state. - Ted Deutch
Energy cogeneration on Capitol Hill makes economic and environmental sense and should be pursued for those reasons. - Ander Crenshaw
The whole environmental policy in the Netherlands has no substance any more. - Pim Fortuyn
Strong, enforceable environmental protections will not only help protect our planet for future generations, it will also level the playing field for small-and-medium-sized U.S. businesses by raising environmental standards. - Suzan DelBene
As I have said all along, for any trade promotion authority bill to gain my support, it must require strong, enforceable environmental and labor protections. - Suzan DelBene
The Keystone pipeline is one of those things that's sort of a political driver. And mostly, the Republicans use it to sort of embarrass the president and embarrass quite a few Democrats who feel that there's a potential for an environmental disaster. - Rodney Frelinghuysen
There's a value in used electronic equipment, and currently, there are small, domestic recyclers that process this equipment safely. But they have a hard time competing with facilities overseas that have few, if any, environmental and safety standards. - Gene Green
What is the future going to say about us now? What are our kids going to look at us and say, 'How could you not stop that person from getting into power? How could you not stop that environmental disaster that you saw coming a mile away?' - Leslie Odom, Jr.
The potential in many environmental issues is that if you undertake corrective action without appropriate understanding of the problem, then you wind up doing more harm than good. - Hugh Ross
There's a lionfish cookbook put out by the Reef Environmental Educational Foundation, and it tells you how to catch them, how to clean them. - Edith Widder
From 1859 to 1971, the U.S. oil industry grew virtually continuously, in the process serving mightily to drive our economy and win our wars. But that growth was stopped dead in 1971 and sent into decline thereafter, as the advent of the EPA and the accompanying National Environmental Policy Act made it increasingly difficult to drill. - Robert Zubrin
I don't think that VR is going to lead to humanity being enslaved in the matrix or letting the world crumble around us. I think it's going to end up being a great technology that brings closer people together, that allows for better communication, that reduces a lot of environmental waste that we're currently doing in the real world. - Palmer Luckey
I feel it is urgently necessary to train people who are capable of tackling the various problems we face today in regards to environmental turmoil and the relevancy of clothing. - Issey Miyake
There's every reason to think that whatever their political leanings, Americans will be highly receptive to numerous reforms designed to improve health, safety, economic security, environmental quality and democratic self-government - at least if those reforms do not eliminate their freedom of choice. - Cass Sunstein
I have been a long-term environmental advocate for the agriculture industry. I have particularly tried to push carbon farming or carbon sequestration. - Sam Brownback
Some of the environmental lobbyists of the Western nations are the salt of the earth, but many of them are elitists. - Norman Borlaug
It is the public that is illiterate in science and math, a lazy press, and environmental advocacy groups that manufacture fear for misconceptions about energy. - Rex Tillerson
I'm not afraid to spend money on the R&D that's really going to move us to a cleaner energy source that I think is so much the answer to the issues of environmental responsibility and climate change. - Lisa Murkowski
With the mining sites, I found a subject matter that carried forth my fascination with the undoing of the landscape, in terms of both its formal beauty and its environmental politics. - David Maisel
I write a lot of environmental stories. - Peter Heller
A lot of my nonfiction is very strong environmental stories - I was the first guy to write about the dolphin killings in Japan. - Peter Heller
The goal must be to expand ourselves beyond one field of focus and use our improved access to information to solve the very real and extreme economic, environmental, and resource challenges we face as an interconnected, global society. - Naveen Jain
What is basically just an IQ score has roots in education, socioeconomic status, genetics, and environmental factors. Looking at any one of these roots doesn't give you a full picture of the tree, but it does tell you that a tree is there. - Kyle Hill
I've had filmmakers, I even had Bono come and talk to me about having a sequel to 'E.T.' help with an environmental message - I listened. I can certainly understand. I mean, the great thing about Bono is that everything he does is in service to a greater cause. - Kathleen Kennedy
That's the big mistake the environmental movement made - 'We'll scare the hell out of you, and you'll become an activist'. - Naomi Klein
What we know is that the environmental movement had a series of dazzling victories in the late '60s and in the '70s where the whole legal framework for responding to pollution and to protecting wildlife came into law. It was just victory after victory after victory. And these were what came to be called 'command-and-control' pieces of legislation. - Naomi Klein
Here on Earth, we've found organisms that thrive in environmental conditions we would have once thought uninhabitable. The presence of these extremophiles suggests that life could potentially take hold on worlds other than our own. - Nick Sagan
If our system continues without modification involving environmental and social concern, we will face an economic and social breakdown of our outdated monetary and political system. - Jacque Fresco
As President Trump quickly moved to limit immigration, civil rights, and environmental protections, I felt fear for my young children, and guilt, too - as if I'd somehow betrayed the unspoken contract all parents make to give our children a better life than ourselves. - Laura Moser
Stewardship of our air and water is a responsibility that should be free of the bias of politics. What's more, environmental regulators should abide by the law. - Luther Strange
Every day, the hard-working men and women of Alabama's Department of Environmental Management are on the ground, protecting Alabama's rivers and lakes in a way that is beneficial to all. EPA should support them in that work, not make it more difficult. - Luther Strange
I'm into environmental and ecological issues, so maybe that is an avenue to go down. - Daniel Bryan
Without question, I'm not a fan of the EPA. The EPA has overstepped their boundaries each and every day. They get into areas they shouldn't be involved in... the states have the right to regulate themselves if they have the ability to do so - and we do because we have the Department of Environmental Quality. - Markwayne Mullin
At every juncture as Oklahoma's attorney general, Scott Pruitt has consistently chosen to undermine and attack environmental safeguards - not to defend them. - Amber Valletta
Invoking Nature always measures the distance we have yet to travel to achieve real progress on environmental issues. - Timothy Morton
We don't think it is fair for these environmental groups to be beating up Belize over this little dam when their own countries have so many of them. Now they are trying to tell us we can't have one. - Said Musa
If the U.S. fails to set the rules for global trade, then other countries with records of environmental and labor abuses, like China, will step in to fill the void. - Mike Quigley
While trade agreements are negotiated in secrecy, behind-closed doors, we have learned enough from leaks to know that the result of passing TPA to 'fast track' these trade agreements would affect everything from food safety to environmental protection to consumer financial protections. - Jan Schakowsky
I urge President Trump to maintain American participation in the Paris Agreement - for the sake of our international leadership, economic competitiveness, and children's environmental future. - Brad Schneider
Climate change is an economic, public health, and environmental issue that we have a moral responsibility to address. - Brad Schneider
Fossil fuel companies and their allies are funding a massive and sophisticated campaign to mislead the American people about the environmental harm caused by carbon pollution. - Sheldon Whitehouse
For TPP to get my vote, it must benefit America's middle class, raise wages, and safeguard the consumer and environmental protections that we rely upon. - Dan Lipinski
When I started researching the eco effects of eating meat, I'd assumed, for no good reason, that environmental irresponsibility would correspond to both animal size and deliciousness: Eating cows would be worst, eating pigs would be a bit less bad, and eating chickens would be basically harmless. - Ben Dolnick
If the scale of gas is anything like the claims made by its advocates, it has major implications for the economy and British society. Besides its worrying environmental aspects, it could have adverse effects on income distribution. - Guy Standing
There is great potential for investments that are built around improving social, environmental, and economic conditions. - Peter Maurer
Land is a great example of how we can manage and invest in sustainable infrastructure for economic, social, and environmental gains. Its use - and misuse - is at the heart of the challenge for food, fuel, and fibre. - Paul Polman
Citizens and consumers are demanding that climate change and environmental issues be taken seriously. - Isabelle Kocher
The discrimination of women and girls goes to the core of any and all analyses of the world's economic, political, and environmental problems. - Winnie Byanyima
Our message to leaders from every continent was simple: California has succeeded on climate and clean energy because we've emphasized local, human values and built a coalition that includes community and environmental leaders, working families, and communities of color - as well as unions and progressive business. - Tom Steyer
While the transition from a combustion-powered society to electrification is already underway due to market forces alone, this transition will take generations without support. But we have every incentive - environmental, economic, and yes, moral - to speed the evolution. - Joe Kaeser
Stark inequality, poverty, and unemployment are driving increased social unrest and, consequently, social and economic risk. Environmental deterioration may well intensify social inequality. - Sharan Burrow
There is an old belief that solving environmental problems can only be achieved by first building enough economic wealth so we can 'afford to save the environment.' This 'Kuznets Curve' thinking has never been correct and must be abandoned once and for all if we are serious about economic development for a thriving humanity on Earth. - Johan Rockstrom
Even the wealth of the U.S. cannot protect against the levels of environmental destruction that we are unleashing. - Johan Rockstrom
As governor, I will work to ensure the Department of Environmental Protection issues the Climate Action Plan and will seek to implement the plan's recommendations. - Katie McGinty
The portfolio standard was enacted when I was secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection. It created investment, generated jobs, and gave a boost to local economies, all when helping to protect the environment. - Katie McGinty
Environmental justice, for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this: no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. - Majora Carter
All the good work in the world will not compensate for the damage that a single facet of the business, or a rogue individual, can do. Insider trading, environmental damage, human-rights violations, and opportunistic practices erode trust and result in net negative impact. - Punit Renjen
Many times, I left the prison thinking, 'I'm smart. I can make it. I won't get caught up again.' But you get off downtown Skid Row, and you're a target for all of the environmental harms in that area. The pain and trauma in that area is so thick, you can almost reach your hand out and touch it. - Susan Burton
We know that the environment and political information is important, and we expose and teach the women about some of the environmental factors that lead to their incarceration. - Susan Burton
Trans issues are also environmental issues. They're also healthcare issues. They're also national security issues. - Sarah McBride
The Environmental Protection Agency rarely follows up prosecuting coal companies and their fellow polluters, even when the evidence is clear-cut that they are dumping and poisoning entire towns near their projects, and the state regulators are even worse. - Suzy Shuster
When my father finished his Ph.D., my mother went back for another bachelor's degree, this time in environmental science. - Celeste Ng
As an environmental scientist, I think our first need is to feed and shelter and nurture. That has always required the exploitation of plant life, and it always will. - Hope Jahren
The environmental movement does not always have to be about stopping things. It can be about fixing problems. - Mark Kurlansky
I do wonder if it's my responsibility to spread a message of environmental awareness or political awareness or just, like, don't be racist or whatever, but I don't want to be the person who's like, 'Everyone be vegan forever!' - Zazie Beetz
As congressional Republicans and the Trump administration continue to attack the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), it came as no surprise that the House voted on two bills that would weaken emissions standards and, as a result, put our public health at risk. - Seth Moulton
Cities are central to the shaping and delivery of national policy objectives, and in return, they are the places where social, environmental, and economic policies play out in practice. - Mark Walport
Justice Scalia was a person who effectively bludgeoned the life out of the living Constitution, the Constitution that gave us desegregation, that gave us women's rights, that gave us environmental protections and political access. - Kimberle Williams Crenshaw
EPA's role is even broader than water infrastructure and cleaning up contaminated land - the agency also has a key role in allowing projects to move forward by reviewing environmental impact statements during the permitting process. - Scott Pruitt
There is a reason and a need to have an Environmental Protection Agency. - Scott Pruitt
What is true environmentalism? I think it's environmental stewardship - not prohibition. - Scott Pruitt
The 'environmental left' tells us that, though we have natural resources like natural gas and oil and coal, and though we can feed the world, we should keep those things in the ground, put up fences, and be about prohibition. - Scott Pruitt
We're saying environmental stewardship and jobs in the economy. We can do both together. - Scott Pruitt
We, as a country, have always used innovative technology to advance environmental stewardship, reduction of those pollutants, but also grown our economy at the same time. - Scott Pruitt
As we do our work in D.C., we should do our work in collaboration and in partnership, in cohesion with states so that we can work on environmental issues from Superfund to air quality to water quality across the full spectrum in things that we do in partnership with those folks. - Scott Pruitt
As Oklahoma attorney general, it is not my job to formulate or implement Oklahoma's plan, but it is my job to preserve Oklahoma's right to do so - particularly when the Clean Air Act so clearly recognizes that Oklahomans, and not federal bureaucrats, are best situated to determine Oklahoma energy and environmental policies. - Scott Pruitt
'Sue and settle' involves the creation of environmental rules and regulations through lawsuits filed by environmental groups against the EPA, not through Congress or proper rule-making. - Scott Pruitt
Our district is home to the Adirondacks, and we know firsthand that clean energy development and environmental protection are critical to our economy. - Elise Stefanik
No clean energy development is complete without extensive environmental protections, and I've been proud to work in a bipartisan fashion with my colleagues in Congress to protect our most precious natural resources. - Elise Stefanik
As a member of the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus, I'm committed to finding consensus on legislation to address our environmental and energy challenges. - Elise Stefanik
We had a great chance in the mid-2000s to reach an accord with the Chinese on both energy and environmental issues. That deal would have essentially been that the U.S. could provide the equipment and expertise, and the Chinese would help close the trade gap. It was a huge opportunity that we failed to exploit. - David E. Sanger
I'm fortunate to be in a position to support nonprofits that align with my personal priorities, which include women's health issues, cancer research, environmental concerns, and education for women and children domestically and globally. - Channing Dungey
The TPP will be good for the American economy, the Vietnamese economy, and the labor and environmental standards that make life better for our people. - Ben Rhodes
Although environmental groups sometimes raise issues in the confirmation process, environmental protection is not central to the fear-mongering of the liberal interest groups that oppose conservative judges. But the threat to basic environmental protections from conservative jurisprudence is broad-based and severe. - Benjamin Wittes
I refuse to stand by and watch as Sen. Tester tries to implement his radical environmental agenda here and kill our coal industry and destroy thousands of Montana jobs. - Matt Rosendale
Foreign relations should involve human rights, workers' rights, and environmental protection. - Kevin de Leon
As the leader of an oil-producing nation, I know how hard it can be to prioritize environmental issues, but the short-term risk to our economic security is far outweighed by the potential risk to our national and regional security. - Ali Bongo Ondimba
There are so many different environmental factors for just how safe it is for a kid to come out. - Becky Albertalli
At least three studies, in the U.S., Canada and Sweden, have linked glyphosate exposure to the disease, and in 2015, the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer found glyphosate to be a 'probable' cause of cancer in humans. California's state environmental protection agency has also declared it a probable carcinogen. - Erin Brockovich
It would be a mistake to believe that environmental protection and economic growth are mutually exclusive. - Khalid A. Al-Falih
The position of Autism Speaks has been for quite awhile that we need to find out what's happening. We know there's a genetic component, and there's an environmental trigger, and until we get to the bottom of what's happening, no one knows what causes autism. - Elizabeth Emken
All insulation is environmentally friendly. Some installation has better environmental credentials, but what matters is the energy it saves. - Dick Strawbridge
Bolsonaro is a tropical Trump. They have a very common agenda, a very regressive agenda, when it comes to civil rights, social rights, and environmental rights. - Fernando Haddad
Let's stand together, stick together, and work together for justice of every description. Racial justice. Gender justice. Immigrant justice. Economic justice. Environmental justice. - Lori Lightfoot
I do think we need to hold countries accountable who violate trade agreements that are already in place. We need to get stronger about enforcement, that in the future if we strike a trade agreement, toughening up labor standards and environmental standards and enforcement standards is something we absolutely need to do. - Julian Castro
In Westminster, I make sure I maximise my ability to represent my constituents. I can do that in a variety of ways: by asking written questions or questions in the House of Commons, through the scrutiny of bills and by sitting on the environmental audit select committee every week, as well as other committees. - Jo Swinson
In a world of serious threats to the U.K. and to global stability, where we see violence and conflict pulling people back into poverty, international terrorism, migration crises, children dying from preventable diseases and global environmental concerns on the rise, Britain's leadership on the world stage is more important than ever. - Priti Patel
Congress created tax-exempt 501(c)(4)s to operate exclusively for social welfare purposes like early childhood education, environmental protection, and veteran's assistance. However, an IRS regulation allows 501(c)(4)s to operate primarily for the promotion of social welfare. - Michelle Lujan Grisham
Green growth is one vehicle through which technology, globalisation and environmental challenges can be turned from obstacles to solutions for problems related to growth, jobs and competitiveness. - Chuka Umunna
I never thought I would hear Labour and Scottish Nationalist ministers in both Westminster and Holyrood publicly recognise the environmental benefits of good grouse moor management. - Nicholas Soames
If Canadian companies want to sell products to the E.U., they have to prove those products conform with E.U. product safety, health and environmental rules. This involves extra bureaucracy, controls and paperwork. If the U.K. had a Canada-style deal with the E.U., U.K. companies would have to do the same. - Gina Miller
If we have an agreement with a country like Mexico, that doesn't support or protect the rights of workers, that doesn't have the same environmental regulations, how can Canadians ever compete with that jurisdiction? - Jagmeet Singh
I was part of Environment Canada's work to stop acid rain, create national parks, clean up the Great Lakes, develop new environmental legislation and negotiate the treaty that saved the ozone layer. - Elizabeth May
It is undeniable that the looming environmental crisis is partly the consequence of population growth. - Abhijit Banerjee
Californians want to have clean air, clean water - not like the Trump Administration is trying to do with its rollback of environmental regulations, like the reversal of the Clean Power Plan. - Ted Lieu
My main argument is that environmental destruction comes when people externalise their costs and pass them on to future generations. That is obviously something that large enterprises do and they become large by doing it. - Roger Scruton
Environmental degradation has one cause above all others: the propensity of human beings to take the benefit and leave the costs to someone else, preferably someone far away in space or time, whose protests can be safely ignored. - Roger Scruton
Immense wealth translates automatically into immense environmental impacts, regardless of the intentions of those who possess it. - George Monbiot
Economic growth is the aggregate effect of the quest to accumulate capital and extract profit. Capitalism collapses without growth, yet perpetual growth on a finite planet leads inexorably to environmental calamity. - George Monbiot
Public figures talk and act as if environmental change will be linear and gradual. But the Earth's systems are highly complex, and complex systems do not respond to pressure in linear ways. - George Monbiot
There is this notion that is quite popular in the environmental scene that every little bit helps, or 'Think global, act local.' I disagree with that. I think you have to start with how big the solution needs to be to solve the problem and then reason backward from there. - Boyan Slat
Taking care of the world's ocean garbage problem is one of the largest environmental challenges mankind faces today. - Boyan Slat
Music feels so environmental to me, especially the process of working with synths or mixing. I started thinking about music as a psychological landscape as well. It's a landscape of the mind. - Caroline Polachek
Over the years, Chevron has behaved in a way that reinforces the worst stereotypes about large corporations: it has cynically avoided responsibility for its past and watched in indifference as more people become sick and die because of its failure to deal with its legacy environmental issues. - Kerry Kennedy
Throughout Africa, as in much of the world, women are responsible for tilling the fields, deciding what to plant, nurturing the crops, and harvesting the food. They are the first to be aware of environmental damage that harms agricultural production. - Kerry Kennedy
That's what hurts the environmental movement - holding people to a standard they cannot meet. That just pushes people away. - Laurie David
Environmental communicators are too cautious. I throw caution to the wind. - Laurie David
As for testosterone, it's gotten a bum rap. Yes, it has tons to do with aggression but it doesn't cause aggression as much as sensitizes you to the environmental triggers of aggression. - Robert Sapolsky
I began to lead two lives... one being a kid and the other starting to speak internationally about the environment... and advocating for social and environmental justice. - Severn Cullis-Suzuki
I am called an environmentalist a lot. But I don't necessarily identify with that word specifically, because of the compartmentalization of the so-called environmental movement. - Severn Cullis-Suzuki
I don't want to pretend that I am a little David Suzuki, because I am not. I'm really different. I have different issues. I'm more interested in the social aspect of environmental issues. - Severn Cullis-Suzuki
I'm not a politically-charged person. I don't want to be. I don't want to talk about politics and I don't want to sing about politics, but if you're talking about environmental issues then you can't talk about one without the other. - Oliver Sykes
Environmental justice is vitally important to the mission of Our Revolution. - Nina Turner
AI can help solve some of the most difficult social and environmental challenges in areas like healthcare, disaster prediction, environmental conservation, agriculture, or cultural preservation. - Jeff Dean
Genes are thought to contribute a certain amount to the cause of autism but it's not 100 per cent. It might be about 60 per cent genetic. So there are going to be environmental factors that mediate the impact of autism. - Simon Baron-Cohen
We should show Chernobyl to the world: scientists, environmental specialists, historians and tourists. - Volodymyr Zelensky
Many people of color live on the front lines of environmental hazard and harm. - Martin Luther King III
I've learned so much about what you can do to help animals, the environmental issues around meat production. - Sarah Jeffery
I agree on the need for environmental sustainability. It is no good raising gross national income while at the same time destroying natural assets. - Hilary Benn
Whether that be starting conversations about environmental conservation or taking part in being a voice for people who don't have a voice, I just want to help people however I can. - Madelyn Cline
The Indian government has been taking some lead in several environmental initiatives, like the international solar alliance, many green initiatives in schools, lots of river reservations projects. - Sonam Wangchuk
We have an older sister who gets pregnant easily. So Emily and I think there may be an environmental cause for our problems. Neither of us were very old when we started trying. But we've lived very parallel lives. We've been in a band together since I was 12 and she was 10. We can't help but wonder, did we stay in a hotel near a power plant? - Martie Maguire
We have never believed that any potential future benefits from fracking make it acceptable for the government to bulldoze over the concerns of local communities or the very real environmental dangers that can occur as a result of weak safeguards controlling the technical process. - Barry Gardiner
We recognise the link between environmental failure and social injustice. When the energy sector is privatised and deregulated, it not only tends to pollute more, it also charges the poorest more per unit! - Barry Gardiner
Facts still matter, and social media is allowing for a wider range of new and independent voices to outcompete alarmist environmental journalism at legacy publications. - Michael Shellenberger
Recognizing nuclear as renewable, and saving Diablo Canyon, would be a bold move for Governor Newsom. It would upset his traditional anti-nuclear environmental allies. - Michael Shellenberger
Journalists and activists alike have an obligation to describe environmental problems honestly and accurately, even if they fear doing so will reduce their news value or salience with the public. - Michael Shellenberger
Like many environmental documentaries, 'Planet of Humans' endorses debunked Malthusian ideas that the world is running out of energy. - Michael Shellenberger
Climate change is happening. It's just not the end of the world. It's not even our most serious environmental problem. - Michael Shellenberger
The U.S. is the gold standard for clean air and clean water. We reached that point through private sector innovation and cooperation between Washington and the states to implement our nation's environmental laws. - Andrew R. Wheeler
Americans have carried the burden of our government's heavy-handed approach to environmental regulation for far too long - with rural and disadvantaged communities bearing the brunt. - Andrew R. Wheeler
I do think that if people are taking the time to think about their environmental footprint when it comes to how many flights they take, whether or not they have a 4X4, whether or not they are going to have a patio heater, then putting the question to themselves about how many kids they are going to have is a reasonable thing to do. - Caroline Lucas
I think the Greens are posing some of the most important questions of our time, for example how we live sustainably on a planet of finite resources and a rising population, and how do we do that in a way that doesn't exceed environmental limits and which is fair. - Caroline Lucas
Greenhouse gas production, water usage and environmental issues more broadly are being mitigated by Canadian technological advances more and more each year. - Erin O'Toole
Since environmental and health damage is not factored into reducing GDP - and in fact the resulting health costs and the costs of cleaning up the environment would also inflate GDP, a GDP obsessed government would try and dismantle environmental and health regulations. - Prashant Bhushan
Harmful Algal Blooms are a serious environmental and economic threat to New Jersey. - Mikie Sherrill